4000 Vocabulary
Essay 1. Rebecca was a beautiful and popular actress. She was able to date with three different actors in one afternoon. She considered it a common place in adults’ world, so she’s not afraid of men’s fight out of jealousy. One day, Rebecca drove her car across the fast traffic lane against the traffic rules. She bumped into the media island and was severely injured, so she could not act completely. All of her lovers ran straight to the hospital after they heard about it. The action of anesthetic tranced her for several hours. When she woke up and looked above, only the nurse was adding water to her glass. She asked whether her boyfriend had come or not. You mean your boyfriends? They had a quarrel when knowing you have different addresses. Then they left you alone out of anger. Rebecca felt regretted and decided not to do that again.
Essay 2. Almost all teenagers agree that it’s embarrassing to admit being alone when you are above a specific age. If one already has the love experiences, it seems easy for him/her to have a new relationship; however, if not, maybe he/she will always keep single. Jimmy was also in such a situation. Three years ago, he worked in the airport and encountered a nice girl whose name was Lisa. Every time the airplane she went aboard took off, Jimmy would run along and waved her goodbye. Lisa knew very well that Jimmy really had a crush on her. One day, Lisa sent him an airmail letter and said she was married, so it’s not allowed to keep contact with him. He dashed to the airport ahead of time, looking in the air. Lisa did not show up in the end. Her firm attitude was quite cruel for Jimmy, which made him lose the courage to chase girls in the after years. Now Jimmy is thirty years old. He dares not to admit he’s still a bachelor.
Essay 3. In the army, Alex was the smallest among his comrades. He looked like an ant in front of the tallest person, who’s like an ape. Therefore, he avoided making any of them angry and appeared very obedient, just like a tame animal people breed in the cage. In April, a game of physical fitness was going to be held. Alex was very anxious about that. He knew he was too weak to stand the physical training, and if he fainted or got hurt, people would laugh at him. He could even imagine a worse situation that people would bully him more impudently than before. He didn’t want the nightmare to come true, but the solutions he thought of were not feasible. Finally, he found another solution. At that day, the commander went to wake him up. My right arm got hurt. The doctor said it needs three days to recover. Alex answered, pretending that his arm hurt greatly. OK. Then you have to patrol in the night around the area. Alex stared at him in anger but had no choice.
Essay 4. Three of my single aunts form a rock band, Naughty Bananas, because they like this fruit. Although I call them auntie, they are not middle-aged women but young ladies whose average age is twenty five. They all work in the banks, so they could get off duty very early. Without husbands and babies, they are also freer than women at the same age, so there is plenty of time for their band practice. One of them plays bass, while the other two are guitarist and vocal. The vocal sometimes plays keyboard. The songs they perform are mostly composed by themselves, including various music styles. As the bad economy results in high unemployment rate, art seems an inspiration for people. The band was asked to hold a concert in August. It was a pity that one member was away and would get back in autumn. I prepared balloons, bags and colorful balls to root for them. My aunts were like two superstars on the stage, and their encore climaxed the concert. That was indeed a funny experience!
Essay 5. According to the police, the deceiver was a beautiful girl, who always targeted baseball or basketball players. There were two basic tricks of her. One was pretending to be a barber, asking them to take a hot bath in her newly-built bathroom and charged a lot. The victims had to ransom their clothes in the locked basket, or they had to go home with naked bodies. Even though one had the cheek to walk out of the bathroom, she would scream loudly and accused him of exhibitionism until he paid. Since those baseball and basketball players were notables, their reputation was much more important than money. Another was inviting them to the bar or beach. She would wear few clothes, and some bears would lose control beside such a sexy beauty and contribute their fortune. However, no one could avoid his wet shoes if he always walked along the riverside. Based on the information, a policeman beat her bodyguard with a bat and took her to bathe herself in the jail.
Essay 6. The matched couple decided to divorce. They thought it would be the best way to solve the problem between them because they didn’t believe each other anymore. Since their marital life began, it had been a long time for them to sleep on different beds. The husband became as busy as a bee, so he thought sleeping apart was better for his wife. He would no longer wake her up when he jumped into bed at midnight. However, the wife became suspicious for he wasn’t always beside her. She thought his heart didn’t belong to her anymore. Consequently, she went out before him and drove behind his car until he arrived at expenses below five hundred yuan per month, so he could not afford any date with another woman. Even a big meal with a client was not affordable for him. When the husband complained about his wife’s limitation, she said she was just an economical housewife. On the weekends, she rode a bicycle without a bell and traced him wherever he went. Finally, doubt ruined their true love.
Essay 7. Someone born into an aristocratic family will receive all the advantages of birth. But not everyone has blue blood and the ability to blow money on fancy cars, tailor-made clothes and private boats. Most of us work our fingers to the bone to get a better life and struggle against financial difficulties. When the career bites the dust, the wages are barely enough to keep body and soul together, job and girlfriend are both lost, life is all in black despair, it is time to take a look at the problems. Is it lack of knowledge? Buy some books to read. Are there anything blocks the way? Take care of them and get rid of them. Health is not in good condition? Eat a bowl of cereal every morning. Being late all the time? Get up early in the morning like an early bird. Facing the facts is one step closer to make big money. As an ordinary person, you do not inherit a fortune from parents, but you can make a fortune on your own. Maybe it’s a long and suffering period, but you will be extremely excited to see the fruits.
Essay 8. They are all around us. They usually have breakfast at expensive coffee shop and never take the bus or subway; taxi is the first choice of transportation for them. These kinds of girls are of slim figure with short, brown hair, looking beautiful and bright. After sitting in a nice office building all day, these gold-diggers start their job at fancy restaurants and night clubs. Gold-diggers are busy with dating the rich guys in the city. Dating with the rich and famous men is gold-diggers bread and butter. At the party, there are always guys trying to please them, because they are so attractive, even your father and brother are obsessed with them. Especially the wealthy engineers, who deal with the computer bugs all day, the beauty and passion of gold-diggers are hard to resist for them. Any brave young boy who tries to build bridges with them with a box of chocolate had better bring enough cash; otherwise gold-diggers will break up with you the next day.
Essay 9. How to date a super model without going bankrupt? Playboys have some tricks. Dating a model is a piece of cake for them. A playboy doesn’t need to be a billionaire or a movie star, but at least can spend some money on buying a nice car and stylish outfits. At the party, they are social butterflies. They know what they want, and prowl around like a caged animal. Playboys aren’t afraid of dressing camp clothes at the party. To be outstanding is their principle. A cool cap or a camel overcoat are both good choices. They act before careful consideration and observation. While picking up girls, showing funny photos in the camera usually works. Most importantly, they make phone calls and butter girls up before going any further. They also carry cards for girls to show their care on special days. No girl can resist such gentle behavior. It can be so easy – it is like taking candy from a baby.
Essay 10. Having fair skin and skinny body is the dream for most girls. They do whatever they can to achieve this goal. However, there’s a good case for stop doing this – The chance of turning tan skin to fair skin is less than five percent. In addition, it is certain to cause skin a brown color under sunshine, no matter how much sunscreen is applied. When men chase a chick, they are attracted by not only appearance but also something else. The chief reason of focusing on appearance is lack of confidence. Beyonce and Jennifer Lopez, the top sellers on the charts, are not fair-skinned or skinny, but they are still attractive. Therefore, check buying bleaching cosmetics from shopping centers. Get out of the chairs and have some fun outdoors such as throwing and catching a ball. Eating some chicken on Christmas will not kill you. Every girl should eat and play like a child.
Essay 11. Is it smart to buy a house in Taipei city, especially at a high price? As a common middle-class citizen, it is like a dream which never comes true. Most people spend their whole life savings on an old apartment with stairs to climb and moldy walls which needs a coat of paint. Some people even have to clear the debt, and end up asking help from God in the church. However, every cloud has a silver lining; there’s another option. Renting a nice and clean apartment close to the downtown won’t cost more than buying one. Instead of paying off the debt, it’s so much better to take a trip. Life is a race against the clock, taking a vacation by the coast with a cup of coffee or a glass of whiskey coke is better than working as a slave in order to buy a house and it adds more colors to life.
Essay 12. There was an extraordinary cook who worked so hard and tried to bake the best cookie in the world. He was planning to go to Paris to study the best cookery course in France. However, his parents wanted him to stay in the country to be a cowboy, taking care of cows and corn they planted. He couldn’t go to Paris without his parent’s permission, because the tuition fee of the school cost a large amount of money that he couldn’t afford. Anyway he still continued making cookies. He tried different materials and various shapes in order to make his cookies unique. In a cool afternoon of September, after having a cup of coffee alone, he decided to leave the town. Even though this would make his mother cry, he was sure that what he did was correct. After being an apprentice for years in Paris, he had made thousands of cookies that were too many to count. He had become famous for his special way of cutting, and became the cover star of a magazine.
Essay 13. Lady Gaga, the eldest daughter of her Italian American daddy, is the most controversial artist since 2008. Young people have a deep affection for her creative performance. Gaga and her dancers dress in an amazing style and dance on the stage day after day. You can even see cute panda eyes on her face or a deer horn on her head. Gaga’s taste of fashion never dates; she has her own creative production team which creates many of her stage properties and hairdos. She had initially signed with Def Jam Recordings in December 2005. Three months later, she decided to join producer RedOne. At the beginning of her career, she was once in danger of being addicted to drugs, and had no idea how to deal with it. She said her dear turned a blind eye to her for several months. That was the darkest period of her life. Her creativity and vitality was dead then. However, Lady Gaga proved herself in her own way.
Essay 14. Lil Wayne is considered the best rapper alive. His talent was discovered in his early childhood. Wayne wrote his first rap song while he was washing dishes after dinner at eight years old. In 1997, Lil Wayne joined the entertainment industry and earned more than 1 million dollars a year. His first wife was his high-school sweetheart living next door, like a tame dove. And his first child, Reginae, who loves dolls, was born when he was 15. Because of Wayne’s success, many teenagers hope for shortcuts and do not want to do desk jobs like everybody else. To direct children to the right way, Lil Wayne was mentioned in a public speech by the US President, stating, “Different from Lil Wayne, it’s difficult to have a meteoric rise to fame. You can aspire to be a scientist, engineer or doctor, not just a rapper. Doing bad things is digging your own grave. You might die on the dirty streets like a dog one day.” Although there is criticism, the influence of him is out of doubt.
Essay 15. Summer season is the most exciting time. The weather is warm and dry during summer time. Taking a breath of summer air in early morning makes people vital and energetic, just like being in a dream. The day started as I went downstairs to answer the call from my friend. Beautiful beaches are the best places on earth, especially driving there with dozens of friends. We talked and laughed with each other excitedly on the way. Lying down on the surfboard and flowing on the surface of water like a duck can ease the pressure. Watching birds and eagles hovering in the sky was a nice experience. My friends and I held a party and drank a lot in the evening. At the party, DJ played ear-piercing music, and our eyes were drawn to the girls in bikini. Tomorrow we will do that again. That’s how we enjoy the summer time!
Essay 16. Owning a car seems like having the edge of attracting girls. It looks fabulous to drive a fancy car in the east district of Taipei and enter the club parking lot. When men reach a certain age, having enough money, they consider about buying either a car or an apartment first. Is it easier for men to hook up with girls with car? Maybe it doesn’t work. Indeed, a rich man can afford to live in an eighteen-store luxury apartment or eat lobster on a date. He is also able to drive his girlfriend to work at eight o’clock in the early morning and pick her up at eleven o’clock in the evening. He can even spend eighty thousand bucks on car modifications. Nevertheless, a girl won’t fall in love with his expensive car, and it’s possible that she ended up dating someone else. She kills the goose that lay the golden egg. Then, buying a fancy car is like spending bucks on a white elephant. A luxurious car does not equal to the charm.
Essay 17. Have you ever been fanned into smoking marijuana? Never touch it. Every drug addict starts from marijuana. In fact, it is far more harmful than people think. There are many symptoms after smoking marijuana: hollow eyes, thin face, and difficulty in falling asleep in the evening. Addicts are not interested in anything except for smoking, and usually have problems with family. Researchers have examined the effects of marijuana on long term memory. After years of medical examination on a factory worker who smokes marijuana constantly, they have found that the worker’s memory weakens due to smoking marijuana. There are other examples suggesting daily cannabis smokers have a 5.7 times higher risk of lung cancer than non-users. It even increases the risk of leukemia for babies if pregnant mothers smoke marijuana. Why not choose another way to relax? Remember, health is priceless.
Essay 18. Unlike students from farmers’ families, less than fifteen percent of urban students feel happy. In the most traditional family, the mother feeds and educates the child, and the father works fifty hours a week for child’s education fee. Most parents find it hard to raise a child. Stress fills in their daily lives. They fear their children lag behind others and send them to cram schools. Cram school is a fast-growing business today, and has made a fat profit over the last two decades, especially in February and September, when a new semester starts. It’s sad to see that parents only focus on school works. What they care about is whether their children do well on final exams, not whether they fight or do something bad in school. Just few parents care about what their kids do in leisure time and even take them to the farm on the weekends. From my point of view, making kids happy is much more important than making them competent.
Eassy 19. When you start to get angry, the first thing to do is to stop and think. In the office, if your subordinates can’t finish work on time and mess up the schedule, maybe you will fire them all. Yet you can choose to point the finger at them or chose to calm down and relax. Try to understand what’s wrong. If you are easy to get mad, taking a break and having some entertainments will help. It’s fine to have delicious food, follow the latest fashion, join flower-arranging classes, or get a foot massage. If it is affordable, you can go fishing, take a foreign travel, or fly to beaches in Thailand to refresh mind and body. You will feel like picking yourself up off the floor after a trip. Clear the fog in your mind, and never force subordinates to behave in the way you want. Besides, don’t forget to give your subordinates a five when they have better performance.
Eassy 20. Mahjong is a game for four players which originated from China. At first it was just a game for fun, but gradually it changed, and became a game for gambling. Many people who are addicted to it have suffered a lot. My friend Tom is a gambler. His mind is full of Mahjong. He spends almost all day gambling in front of the mahjong desk, and forgets his responsibilities as a husband and a father. His wife couldn’t put up with it and divorced him last Friday, and took away their fourteen-year-old son. Now Tom is free, and no one blames him anymore. But he is pitiful, too. He is forty-four years old, but has nothing. He can’t afford a fork or fresh fruit. He is just like a frog lost in the forest. Many people who are addicted to gambling have got in over their heads. They borrowed from Shylock to pay their debts, and gradually ruined themselves. In a word, gambling is a vice. We should be away from it.
Essay 21. Tomorrow we will hold a garden party in our community center, and everyone is thinking about what games to entertain people. I got a good idea to give people a surprise. In general, people normally think of food and drink vendors, games with gifts, ice cream or popcorn vendor, and etc. I am particularly fond of horrible things; therefore Ghost House is what I am planning to do and I will make the Ghost House full of scary atmosphere by different themes. One of my themes is about pirates, so I am going to decorate the wall with fake gold, jewelry and glass treasure boxes. I will wear a pair of odd glasses to scare the girls. I cannot wait to see people scream “God!” with scared looks. I am glad to arrange a wonderful party; having fun with my friends is a gas.
Essay 22. Chinese New Year used to be interesting but it’s not anymore as we grow up. When we were grandsons or granddaughters, Lunar New Year was a grand event for us. Our grandfathers and grandmothers were generous to give every grandchild a big red envelope. However, when we are thirty, Lunar New Year become a gray holiday. We give away a great amount of money to a group of children and even guests we are not familiar with. Chinese New Year peels our skin off, like a goose whose feathers were all taken off, or a green-grass land turning into a barren ground after drought. Guess what we plan to do next Chinese New Year? It’s a good idea to book a plane ticket and take a trip overseas. That saves us a lot of money. “Remember not to come back too early, or our intention will be as plain as the nose on our face.” My wife reminds me. It’s also important to bring some specialties from abroad, which can make our relatives temporarily forget something.
Essay 23. “Get away, ugly guy!” Have this kind of criticism ever happened to you? If you are fat and ugly, it’s not your fault. What you need is not a gun to shoot down the mirror, but a guide to change yourself. In order to lose weight successfully, it’s necessary to work out in the gym at least three times a week. Half of people can’t stand over the first month. It’s hard at the beginning, but once you get through it, you will be used to it. Remember to eat food that is good for your health, like salad sandwiches instead of ham and junk food to reduce assimilation of calorie. Don’t scare people away by dirty fingernails on the hands; manicure them regularly. Make sure your body is clean from head to toe. Have a stylish haircut at salon. Changing hair style can change the look. If you are bald, you can wear a cool hat. Stop hating yourself; make yourself have a happy life. The next time your friend meets you up, he would say, “You look so gorgeous!”
Essay 24. When the man saw the lady he loved, everything around him became silent, and he felt like being on an isolated hill. He could hear his heart beating. His body was heating. His steps became much heavier. The girl noticed his odd behavior, so she said “Hello.” Her smile was sweet like an angel. The man felt like being hit by a stick on his head, and he couldn’t help falling into an endless hole. He couldn’t hold himself erect, or even move any part of his body. He didn’t know the lady’s history at all; he just knew she came to the market here from time to time. He was too shy to say something to her, just nodding to her every time they bumped into each other on the street. One day, the man found that it had been a long time not seeing the lady. He hunted high and low for her, but in vain. He regretted very much for his cowardice.
Essay 25. When I was fifteen, in the last summer vacation of junior high school, I had a huge amount of homework to do and studied ten hours a day to prepare for exams. It was the most important exam for every junior high school student. I spent my whole holiday doing homework and reading hundreds of textbooks at home. It was in the middle of summer, and the house was hot like a sauna room. Even though I sweat like a pig, I still kept studying. My parents hoped I could become a great husband and father in the future, who would not let my family feel hungry or get hurt. I spared no effort to live up to their expectation, and that was my expectation, too. It’s human nature to have a comfortable life. How much effort I put meant how much I would achieve. I was a black horse in the exam. My parents were very proud of me.
Essay 26. Bangkok is notorious for its traffic jam. It is not a good idea to drive on the streets in rush hours in Bangkok city. If you have a chance to drive in Bangkok city, you will find your car stuck inside the traffic jam for hours and move one inch for five minutes. People in Thai are also well-known for being late, even job interview included. This bad habit is caused by terrible traffic condition in the city. But there’s another option – “Tuk-Tuk”. Tuk-Tuk is a special kind of taxi in Thailand. It is modified form Japanese transportation car with more iron sticks. It’s an important public transportation in Thailand. Its high mobility makes it possible to transport passengers to everywhere even into small lanes. The interest is worth experiencing for tourists to ride on Tuk-Tuk with a cup of Thai iced milk tea in the cool weather of January.
Essay 27. June and July are the best time to join dorm parties, because it’s summer vacation for kids. In order to keep bringing laugh and joy to the party, there are several kinds of games that are usually played in dorm parties. The Game of King is the most exciting and popular one. The interesting part of the game is to joke about someone’s unknown secrets or to see somebody doing something stupid, like kicking each other’s bottom, running and jumping in an odd way, drinking disgusting juice which is mixed with everything and so on. Food and drinks are key factors of wonderful party. If there’s not enough time to prepare for food, that’s fine; just prepare enough alcohol to make everyone drunk. By the way, make sure that the noise is not too loud. If you wake up the dorm keeper, he will come to kill the pleasure of party.
Essay 28. Wu Lai is a large and mountainous area which lacks people, and known for its beautiful landscape. It is romantic to go there with your loving lady and spend the weekend at a cottage in Wu Lai. In the morning, you can fly a kite and walk leisurely on the country road, land fish by the lake, and watch lambs running on the grassland. In the evening, you can cook dinner in the kitchen of the cottage and have a candle light dinner with your lover. Candle light plays a better role then lamp light to promote the atmosphere. You will ignore the kitten meowing outside, laying down the fork and knife and kiss your lover passionately. At last, don’t forget to take a bath in the hot spring to relax your knees, ankles and the whole legs that you use all day for walking. It’s never too late for you to enjoy the beautiful nature!
Essay 29. University in western countries is different from that in Taiwan. In Australian universities, there’s less lecture, and teachers let students spend more time on thinking and discussing. Teachers lead students to think rather than tell them what to do. It’s not necessary to read every leaf of textbooks, but to research and to absorb knowledge comprehensively are more important. Take lessons in law for example, students are encouraged to learn the spirit rather than the letter of the law it’s free to do anything during the class, such as leaving in the middle of class, laughing loudly, being lazy to join the discussion, putting legs on the desk, and even advocating left thinking. However, students should at least respect teachers. In order to become a leader in education, universities in Taiwan should lay emphasis on student’s independent thinking and the ability of problem solving. Otherwise, our next generation will be left behind in the next two decades.
Essay 30. Living in a life full of lies is like a lily livered wimp who always tries to escape from danger and never faces the problems. It won’t take long before the lies to be exposed, and it’s likely to happen anytime. No matter how perfectly the lies are covered, the truth will be brought to light one day. When the time comes, no one will listen to a liar ever again. There’s only a fine line between weakness and bravery and it depends on whether the person admits his own fault and strives to compensate for it. To err is human, but to lie is a shame. A little child cheated on the test and got caught. His lips trembled nervously, but he didn’t lie and faced the problems like a brave lion. Because of his honesty, his mind had developed to a higher level. Making the right choice lifted his spirit. When the child grew up, he became and A-list celebrity in the society.
Essay 31. I love to visit Thailand. I can be there without a map. The best time to visit Thailand is from October to March when the weather is not too hot. There are a lot of places to visit in Bangkok. Floating market is the most interesting place where many food and drink vendors are on the boats. I am mad about spicy food, and chili is indispensable for my breakfast, lunch and dinner. I’m always looking for something special and cheap in the market; sometimes I’m lucky to find a treasure. Thai girls have beautiful eyes and skinny figures, but some of them are originally men. I used to meet a pretty “girl” beside a vending machine, who made me very impressive. I plucked up my courage to ask her mail address, and she answered me with very low and loud voice. I was shocked but quickly came to myself. I think making friends with a Thai is not bad. Sex doesn’t matter. That’s indeed a cool experience.
Essay 32. I will join a dance audition in May. It matters to my future very much. I may become famous and meet all the professional dancers around the world. On the other hand, if I fail, maybe it will be the last time for me to dance. Dance is my passion and also my career, but I haven’t made a lot of money by it. I am thirty years old and about to marry soon. Once I miss the shot, it means I’ll lose my job. I master in hip-hop dance; my movements match the beats perfectly. In order to have perfect body conditions. I only eat chicken breast meat, drink two glasses of milk every morning, and run ten miles a day. I do yoga for fifteen minutes in the middle of a rehearsal to release the pressure in mind. I am in deep passion for what I’m doing, and I will do my best to face the coming challenge.
Essay 33. Miss Chiu wanted to be a successful singer and song writer. Unfortunately, her mother did not support her. Without financial support from her family, she was out of money. She lived alone in a small apartment at the moment. She practiced playing her keyboard and guitar in the bedroom every morning, from Monday to Sunday. The more music she produced, the more passion she gained. After working hard for one month, she had corrected all mistakes and had written the most beautiful melody. After that, she realized she had a mountain of dirty clothes to wash, and her bedroom was full of garbage with mice coming occasionally. She had not taken a shower for a week, and she smelled bad, even her mouth stank. However, she was over the moon with her new song and jumped joyfully like a monkey. She released her first album and became a top seller on billboard. Everybody should not miss any chance to pursue the dreams.
Essay 34. My name is David Brown. My grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Brown are friendly and gracious old people, living in a small town near Dallas, Texas. They moved there in 1986. My grandparents love nature, so there are great views at the back of their house. They don’t spend much money on the house, but it is comfortable and simple. Grandpa is a retired army solider, contributing his whole life to the nation. He is a heavy smoker; he must smoke two packs of cigarettes and drink two mugs of coffee every day. Grandpa is also an artist. He loves war movies and jazz music. My girlfriend, Ms. Clarkson and I took a holiday at my grandparents’ house last weekend. With eight hours driving through the country roads, the car was full of mud and my neck was sore. But we had a great time there with the beautiful landscape and delicious food. I wished I could stay there in the rest of my life.
Essay 35. We may never need to buy newspaper or watch news on TV in the future. Internet is a new evolution in our life, and this technology will get better and stronger in the next ten years. There are about one point nine billion internet users in the world. Ninety percent of the users are under forty, and users under nineteen are surging. Neither time nor space will be limited. We can have a business meeting at night by webcams and e-whiteboards, or have cocktail party at noon and broadcast live to our branches around the world. Ten years ago, personal computer was notorious for its beg noise and heavy weight. The computer we have now is smaller and faster, looking nice and less noisy. There’s no impossibility for internet and computers. The development is infinite. Have you ever heard about “cloud computing”? That is another improvement. We can do everything online rather than process the data at home first. However, no matter how incredible the technology is, it is still originated from human brains.
Essay 36. Polar bears live in the ocean of North Pole. The number of polar bears is declining. The notice of IUCN notes that global warming is the most significant threat to the polar bears now. A polar bear has a sensitive nose that can detect food from a long distance Polar bears spend most of their life off the land for hunting, breeding and nursing the babies. However, as their prey becomes extinct, it is very likely for them to kill each other. What a tragedy that humans bring about! It’s a great time to visit North Pole in October. Cubs are born between November and February, but it’s not O.K. to feed them. Polar bears look adorable, but that’s nothing to do with their real nature. Polar bears are stealthy hunters, and the victim is often unaware of the bears’ presence until the attack is underway. You can even be attacked at four o’clock in the morning when you are asleep. They are carnivore, after all. 
Essay 37. My uncle is an old government officer, and he is upright and honest. He works hard and often works overtime on weekends. Yesterday was Sunday, and it was also his birthday. I selected one gift elaborately from a shop and wanted to give him a surprise. In order to prevent him from discovering the gift at first sight, I put some oranges on the gift on purpose. I came to his office and put that bag on his table. He opened the bag, took out an orange and said: “Will you oil me with oranges?” Then he burst into laughter. He took out the other oranges. Finally, he found the gift I had prepared for him. I said to him jokingly: “Once you accept my gift, you must serve me, or I’ll tell others about it. But I will keep it for you. That’s our secret. “My uncle answered feelingly: “This is the only gift I have accepted.”
Essay 38. Last Friday night, I went to a party with my friends in a famous club in the city. My parents didn’t know about it, and they would probably kill me if they do, because I’m only fourteen. I didn’t have my own car, so I sneaked out of the house at night with my papa’s car. At the parking lot outside the club, my friends made fun of my outfit for I wore a pair of my grandpa’s pants. I paid more money to the club guard, so I could get in with a fake ID. The club looked fancy and stylish; it was painted pink. That night I talked to an attractive girl, but when my friend passed me the drink, I accidentally spilt my drink all over the girl’s T-shirt, making every part of her body wet. She was so mad, and I ran to the restroom to get some toilet paper for her. My friend wrote this embarrassing story on his blog page in memory of our crazy past.
Essay 39. I live in a gallant villa. People envy its luxury very much because it’s really a pie in the sky for them. Perhaps I am considered a young and successful person. I have a special pet in my house, a mini pig. I keep it in my beautiful backyard with blooming plants around. I spend five hundred thousand dollars on gardening. In my leisure time, I play the piano at my own studio at home, and invite all of the professional piano and guitar players I know to my house. I drew a piece of picture of my mini pig with pencil last week, and I planned to place it in the living room beside my collection of Montblanc pens. I had a lavish party last night. We drank French 1st-Growths red wine and smoked Cuban cigars. Next week I’ll do that again. I love my life. I’m young and rich!
Essay 40. The city is my playground. I have a lot of money in my pocket and a mansion on the beach, with a pond and a swimming pool at the backyard. I know a lot of people in the city, such as the mayor of the city, the owners of the cinema, and the police. I have VIP and free popcorn when I go to a movie. I have the power to fluctuate the stock market. My friends are pleased to be around me, because I understand the poetry of life. I have a high position in society now. However, I was poor and unemployed, and my life was a disaster. One time I stole cigarettes and chocolate bars from the supermarket, and was caught by policemen. I realized that it was no point to live like this. I began to prepare for the qualification exam of security dealer, studying hard and practicing my English skill. I got a job, and my life got better. Anything is possible, and I tried hard to achieve my goal!
Essay 41. It’s quite hard to be a successful writer. Nowadays, there is a quick way to push your articles to the public. A lot of writers choose to write on blog at first. It takes pretty much time and effort to gain popularity. Writing is a quiet and lonely job, and it pays big price before the work gets published. In order to pull more internet users, writers need to answer all the questions from reader, including their personal life or relationship problems. Writers need a clear purpose and peculiar subject for their articles. Putting some photos on the blog, or decorating the blog with bright color, like purple or red, will help attract readers. The number of the replay from readers on the blog proves the popularity of a writer. A famous blog writer, Queen, has spent five years writing on blog before her first book was printed. Everything comes with reasons, right?
Essay 42. It was an ordinary afternoon for my grandfather. It was a raining day. Grandpa read the newspaper and listened to the report of horse racing from the radio. There’s a railroad beside his house, whenever the train passed, he raised his hand to reach the radio and turned the volume to maximum. After reading the newspaper, the rain finally stopped. It was almost nightfall, and there was a rainbow in the red sky. Rats came out after heavy rain, I guess the reason was that rats hole were all wet. The dinner was ready. Before he started to eat, the doorbell rang. Grandpa received a package from the postman. That was a birthday gift from me. I felt sorry for grandpa, because I always forgot his birthday. But this time I remembered. I wished he could have a happy birthday and his dream could become real.
Essay 43. Linkin Park is a rock and roll band from America, originally consisting of three high school friends, Mike Shinoda, Brad Delson and Rob Bourdon. The band began recording songs in Shinoda’s studio room in 1996. In 2000, Linkin Park released the album, Hybrid Theory, which was a massive success. Linkin Park’s popularity made the price of their accessories have gone through the roof. The rise of this rock band made every member rich and famous. After the enormous success, they didn’t take a rest. They returned to work right after the concert tour. Fatigue brought dark rings under Shinoda’s eyes, and therefore he began to eat healthy Asian food, like rice and noodles, instead of McDonald’s or Red Rooster Not only did he ride home every day, he also drank rivers of green tea. A live DVD “Road to Revolution: Live at Milton Keynes” released in 2008, which used robot animation in the music video and brought Linkin Park to the next level.
Essay 44. I loved my girlfriend before. When we were seeing each other, she received roses from me every week. It had been all the same for half a year. Recently I rowed with my girlfriend about a mere trifle. For example, she always put salt and pepper at the wrong place, forget to tie her long hair with a rubber band when cooking, made an ink stain on my Gucci shirt, that would never be rubbed off. She could be violent sometimes. It wasn’t safe to live with her. Also, there were too many rules in her house. Last week she put a rope of pearls that I gave her for sale. I was sad and angry. I thought she didn’t love me anymore, and that was the root of all problems. I decided to run away from this and to take the Star Cruise’s Super Star Virgo to travel round the world. The ship will sail tomorrow for Singapore. Next week I will lie on the sand of Sentosa Beach. I wish I could forget about her.
Essay 45. This Saturday I went to the elementary school I studied before. It seemed that there wasn’t too much change; almost everything looked the same as before. The only thing I didn’t see in the past was the big tree in front of the seesaw. It was sawed off a few years ago, but they planted another. I went to the classroom and sat down on the seat I used to sit, and I was back to the scene of the past at that second. I was lack of selfFconfidence and was scared to interact with people when I was young. Everyone in the class always made fun of me and said something rude to me. But there was one person who always came to help me. He was my best friend. He was like the person who saved me from drowning in the sea, giving me a cup of hot tea in the winter season and gave me seeds of friendship. I still appreciate him, and I hope I can meet him again one day.
Essay 46. I am seventeen years old. My parents got divorced when I was seven. After their divorce, I live with my father. My father is an engineer, serving in a famous international company. Lacking supervision, I shaped the selfish and dissocial character. In my life, I only have several friends. This September, I was sent to police station for selling pirated discs. As I was a teenager, I received a sentence of doing public service for a month. My father was so angry that he set access time to discipline me. But this didn’t make sense to me. During my public service, I met an old man. He was seventy-eight years old. He had been a volunteer for fifty years. He told me that everyone in this world was not redundant; everyone had his value to exist and should try his best to prove his value. These words shook me deeply and made me reconsider me life.
Essay 47. Mrs. Shi is an editor of a female fashion magazine. There are a lot of works placed on her shoulder. She shines at her work and thinks herself as an elegant and tasteful woman. However, she has a sharp tongue sometimes. She will shout at her secretary all day if she doesn’t feel good. Boutique shop is the only place for her to go shopping, and she will buy at least three pairs of Gucci shoes, five D&G shirts, and a few pairs of shorts every month. Only furniture of high quality is acceptable in her house, such as cashmere sheep wool sheet in the bedroom. She likes to take shots with her Persian cat. It’s not surprising that she eats the best shark fin. She lives on the shore of St. Kilda beach, and travels with her own ship on weekends. She works hard and enjoys the life.
Essay 48. Kelly and her sister, Jenny, are both singers. They have done hundreds of shows since they were young. Even so, at the beginning of their performing career, they didn’t sing well and were shy. They once sat on the bench and waited for an audition for six hours, but the appraisers still shut the door and asked them to leave. Although they seemed silly, the boss of the record company appreciated them and signed a contract with them. One day, Kelly was very sick. Her eyes were infected, and she almost lost her sight. Her sister asked their boss, “Sir, can we postpone the show to another day?” Boss replied, “No way, you are too simple. Being a singer isn’t that easy.” Therefore Kelly sat on the side of the stage with an intravenous drip, and performed as usual. They are popular now, and a Hollywood film maker has come to them. It won’t take long before Kelly and Jenny make on the silver screen.
Essay 49. Heavy smokers usually start smoking at the age of sixteen. At first they start with a small amount, but the addiction begins to grow in smoker’s bodies. The slow growth of the affection would poison the health enormously in the long run. When smokers turn sixty and have snow-white hair; any kind of disease will come to them. It’s not smart to keep the habit. Tar keeps smokers away from social life; gradually they would lack the interpersonal skill. Smokers have sleeping problems and unhealthy skin. Smoking also causes impotence. In a word, smoking could turn a big size man into a small one, just like a dragon into a snake. So, quit smoking as early as possible, and have a good life. Let the sun shine again in your sky.
Essay 50. I had pumpkin soup and sweet potato for dinner with my family last night. My son was really naughty. He ran around and turned over the plates of mine while we were having dinner. My shirt was soiled, and he felt really sorry about it. I didn’t blame on him. If someone did something wrong and admitted it, sometimes it’s not good to keep blaming. After dinner, we watched soap opera together. My son had some homework to do, and therefore he went back to his room soon after the TV show was over. My wife and I lay on the soft sofa, playing soul music, and listened to the song from the 80’s. I had a glass of whisky and sodas. My wife was singing, and her voice sounded very beautiful. That was my sweet family life.
Essay 51. It is scary to stand in front of people and speak in public. To make an interesting speech, it needs some practice in advance. Just like to succeed in sport competitions, we should spend a lot of time and effort to become a professional. To start with it, find a comfortable space at home and look at yourself in the mirror when you are talking. Spell every word you use loudly and clearly, and the pronounce it. Subsequently, keep yourself in a talkative state anywhere, anytime. Seize every opportunity to talk to strangers, such as taking a bus, climbing the stairs, or requesting fork and spoon from the waiter. If you have an annoying Taiwan accent of the south, find a pronunciation teacher. Find any chance possible to speak in public, and don’t be afraid that your audiences give you a sour look. Any temporary failure is the process to become special. You will finally become a star on the stage, and your speech will be like a breeze in spring.
Essay 52. I once picked up a girl on the street, and that was an embarrassing experience for me. At that time I was a student, studied in Great University. I saw a girl at the comic book store near the train station, and her beauty astonished me. I was frozen like a stone. After keeping still there for a few minutes, I stopped what I was doing and stepped toward her. I stated to her that she was such a beautiful woman who really attracted me. I told her my personal story, about my hobby, job, friends, and my strong passion in arts. The girl thought I was really strange, so she screamed and told me to stay away from her or she might call the police. I was dumb and looked stupid. But there were some successful cases for me. Maybe I forgot to trim my nasal hair that day.
Essay 53. Last summer, I went to Maldives for my vacation. During my journey, I met a guy, who was tall and handsome. After talking a few minutes, we realized that we were classmates in primary school, which surprised us. Then we talked about the fascinating tales in childhood. When we got off the airplane, our interest in each other didn’t tail off. The sun was burning, so we went to swim together. Later, we went to café’. We sat by the table, and he ordered me a cup of coffee with sugar. On Sunday evening, he took me out for supper. He said that he knew a super restaurant in this place. My heart was sweet, and I was sure that he was the very person whom I was looking for. 
Essay 54. Mr. Lin is a teacher in college, and he teaches wine tasting course. Mr. Lin has a good taste for tea, coffee, and alcoholic beverages, and his taste for red wine is better that any other teachers in the school. But there is one problem about him. His fondness of drinking has caused him to be late more than ten times this term. Because of the hangover, he always wakes up late and then has to take a taxi to school. Students tell him to stop drinking like this. They have to wait for Mr. Lin for more than half an hour before the class begins every day, but they still like Mr. Lin’s class. Their support has kept Mr. Lin teaching in the school, and he thanks them. In the end of the course, Mr. Lin will bring several bottles of A.O.C. wine to school for his students. These are his favorite collections of French red wine that cost him twenty thousand bucks. Mr. Lin loves his students and red wine, and he will keep drinking.
Essay 55. Wednesday and Thursday are lady’s nights for most night clubs, that means free entry to the club for females. But it is different for guys, the tickets for them cost almost one thousand dollars. Thus throwing a party in the club is costly. This is why I don’t go to the club, but I love drinking though. I go to the bar three times a week. I prefer to go to quiet locations, like lounge bar and those kinds of places. I think dance is not the thing I can do. My friends, they said I was like a thirty years old man for I liked to go to jazz clubs. Jazz was boring in my friends’ thoughts. I started to listen to jazz when I was thirteen, and I loved Latin jazz most. I’ve been to almost one third of the jazz clubs in the city, and I would keep finding the best jazz club.
Essay 56. Tiger Woods is a top American professional golfer and the most successful golfer of all times. Few golfers can touch him in golf. Woods became a professional golfer in 1996, and signed endorsement deals worth $40 million with Nike, Inc. The payment was the highest in golf history and made him have money and fame all together. In 1997, Woods won his first major, The Masters. He set a total of 20 Masters records and tied 6 others. He said “Today is America, and tomorrow is the world”. In 2009, he became one of the best-known players around the world because of his infidelity revealed by the media. (A middle-aged man without a spare tire was not surprising to have sex scandal for me.) He held a press conference, and spoke in s sorrowful tone, “Tonight, I’ll apologize to my fans for what I’ve done. I’ve made too many mistakes. Please give me a tiny change”. His speech was a tool to rebuild his image. Despite that, Tight Woods is, unquestionably, the greatest golfer ever.
Essay 57. My brother turned twelve last Tuesday, and my parents took a trip to town with him by train. They planned to buy some birthday presents for my brother. It took twenty hours to get to town. On the way the train moved toward the city, it passed miles of mountainous area. My brother saw lots of trees. After they got there, my parents bought a toy robot for him. My brother tried on some T-shirts in a sports shop. He had a big meal, eating ice cream and hot dog at the same time. Later that day, my brother felt a great pain in his stomach. He was afraid of having appendicitis. Unfortunately, the nightmare came true the next day, and he had serious diarrhea. My parents took him to the clinic twice a day, but it didn’t help. Tummy ache still troubled him on the way back. My brother had a horrible trip for his birthday, and he swore that he would never go to the city again.
Essay 58. My uncle was a retiree of a military unit. Today my brother and I went to visit him, who lived in the countryside. It was a long way. So we hadn’t got there until 11 a.m. The yard of his house was very clean and tidy. There was a garden with many vegetables behind the house. My uncle was very glad to see us and his voice sounded very excited. He cooked a big lunch for us. After lunch, we went upstairs to the top floor. It was the best place to enjoy the view of nature. The natural scenery was very beautiful in the countryside. I began to understand why my uncle chose to live here. My brother suggested us to go out for wild fruits. We two climbed up the trees to pick the fruits while our uncle used a bag to collect them under the tree. And he told us that some kinds of fruits were useful to make medicine. It was great fun in the countryside. We really enjoyed ourselves there.
Essay 59. I am a man with a weak character, and I work in a restaurant. I stand beside the wall of the kitchen and wash hundreds of plates every night, but I earn just a few bucks. However, I waste all my salary on fancy clothes and luxuries. Whenever my friends buy a new pair of Gucci sunglasses or DKNY jeans, I feel like a hillbilly. I want to dress like them, like wearing a Rolex watch or having a LV wallet. With those things, I could walk on the street confidently. One night, the weather was cold, and the rain was heavy. I was on the way home after work, and the water on the ground wetted my feet. I suddenly thought of my girlfriend and felt warm in my heart. We are getting married soon, but I still have no money for our wedding. I couldn’t let her wait any longer. Every time she mentioned money, it meant war. I thought I had better pawn my luxuries for her love.
Essay 60. Fat guy is not welcome everywhere. My cousin, who is weighted 120 kilograms, has a plan to lose weight. He calculates the calorie of food, no matter what he eats. No matter where he goes, he walks. He works out in the park every weekend, whether the weather is good or not. But he broke the rule last week. We had spicy hot pot last Wednesday, and I couldn’t believe how much weights he had gained. When we finished delicious spicy hot pot, he weighted himself on the scale. While he stood on it, he found that he had gained another two kilograms, which scared me so much. In order to lose the weights that he had just gained, we decided to ride a bike home toward the west. That was tough, but we all tried to do it well. After three hours of riding, my face turned white and I was exhausted. Losing weight is hard, but perseverance would help you achieve the goal.
Essay 61. I wish that one would neither win nor lose in a relationship. Love should be mutual. But sometimes, your partner would probably love you more, or you care about him/her more than he/she does. It happens to any man and woman, even to husband and wife. Why has it go so complicated? When your partner has become the only thing you care about in the whole world, it could be very sweet but dangerous. You would worry about whom he/she goes out with, whose perfume is left in the car, and what he/she will do when you are away. Then, love becomes a burden. If you think it wide, you’ll find that to love yourself more makes you happier. There are still a lot of things worth experiencing. Have you ever stated red wine in the woods in New Zealand? Have you ever watched polar lights in winter in North Pole? Open the window and let the wind blow on your face. Life is full of beautiful things!
Essay 62. I work on words and sentences every day. My room is always lighted at four o’clock in the morning. It’s quiet at night, and therefore I can write the most beautiful essay in the world. However, I don’t have a really comfortable life. I am a worker on the farm in the daytime, and my job is to spray pesticide on the yams to kill the worms. At night, I work as a writer, expressing myself through the form of writing. My readers can fell the deep passion of mine whenever they read it, as I always look forward to the future. Although I have done something wrong in the past, I don’t worry about anything. I’ve experienced the worst situation, so nothing can be worse. Even though I do not earn much and just make the ends meet, but it doesn’t mean that I’ll be the same all my life. Because I know that I’m really special, one day I will shine.
Essay 63. When I was young, about seventeen years old, I took my girlfriend to the wildlife zoo on a date. That was a very exciting place! However, it was not exciting enough for my girlfriend, so afterward we chose amusement park for a date. I loved roller coaster, but I was also afraid to ride on it. That day, I went to amusement park with my lover as usual. While we rode on roller coaster, I knew there’s something wrong with my stomach. Maybe the yummy but spicy food I had eaten yesterday caused it. Before the roller coaster launched, there had already been sweat all over my body. I was upset by both fear and stomachache. “Three, two, one, zero, yes!” As the roller coaster launched, I couldn’t help but have the trots. When we got off the roller coaster, my girlfriend saw yellow stain on my pants. She said, “Oh, yucky guy! What did you do on your pants?” After that date, I haven’t heard anything about her yet.
Essay 64. A good environment could aid language learning. In Taiwan, the absence of chance to use English makes me difficult to learn. I aimed to be an English teacher, and therefore I studied abroad three yours ago in order to advance my English ability. Now I am back to Taiwan. Whenever I look at the album in Australia, it reminds me of my school, friends, and love affairs. I am an active person, and I’m willing to accept different cultures. I wasn’t absent from any party, so I made a lot of good friends in Melbourne. Last month, I was back to Australia. After the China Airline aircraft arrived at the airport in Melbourne, I felt like I was back to the past. Everything looked alike, the streets, the coffee shops, and the people. I had a really great time, and wished I could stay longer. But I was alarmed by the work in Taiwan. In addition to this, I still had to take care of my old parents. What a pity for me to say goodbye!
Essay 65. I was lonely all the time. My friends held parties every weekend, but I just stayed in my apartment and played on-line games. Anyway, staying alone was better than being ignored in social occasions. My appearance was horrible. One time I dated with a girl, and she told me that she had no appetite because of my ugly teeth. I cried out aloud that night. I decided to change my life, and I swore that anybody who laughed at me would regret as long as I am still alive. I started to spend a large amount of money on dressing up and participated in every social activity. I also worked out anytime, anywhere and even hurt my ankle. Although I had a better look, I was still very shy. Altogether, I lacked for social ability, but anyhow I kept practicing. It was surprising that recently a female classmate asked my some questions about alphabet, and another one invited me to see the ancient cars exhibition. I thought I had changed successfully!
Essay 66. When the city is asleep, a group of artists are making pieces at every corner in the city. Their pieces are everywhere, at the train station, in the bus, in the arrows of road signs, or at phone booth. They are graffiti artists, and they spray paint on the wall to be attended. Like other kinds of artists, writers argue about the form of writing articles, installation artists arrange the public buildings, and graffitists catch the public attention by painting the wall. Graffiti culture arrived in Taiwan a few years ago, but the City Council attacked graffiti artists for it was still illegal in most places. They could be arrested if painting in the wrong places, unless they had applied ahead of time. An assistant of a well-known graffiti artist, armed with various kinds of painter’s paraphernalia and her apron, sitting on an armchair and said in an interview, “Graffiti is one kind of arts. Art is nots one kind of crimes!”
Essay 67. Mr. Brown lived next to my house, and I couldn’t bear the noise he made. He had barbecue party every evening. He got drunk and shouted at night, and his dog barked all the time. I couldn’t sleep, and therefore I moved my bedroom to the basement to avoid the noise. When I stood on my balcony, I could see a lot of garbage left at his backyard. Mr. Brown didn’t look friendly. He had beard and tattoo on the chest. I heard that he was a retired solider from a battle field in Iraq. When he was back, he served in a beef steak restaurant. One day, I baked bread at my bakery, and he suddenly came in with a bamboo stick. I moved backward and threw a basket of beans at him. He said with a low voice, “I smell something scorched. On the basis of experience, I take my tool to put out the fire.” We both burst out laughing. Since then, we became very good neighbors.
Essay 68. It’s my belief that birthdays need celebration. At my twenty-one years old birthday party, I drank five bottles of bitter beer and half bottle of vodka. It was unforgettable. My friends and I bet one shot on the game we played, but I kept losing. Besides, I was still a beginner for drinking. After five shots of Bacardi, I went beyond my limit. I begged my friends to stop making me drink. I was too drunk to know what I was doing. I even didn’t pay the bill and kicked down the blackboard menu when I left the bar. I sat on the bench outside, and the pants bound my stomach tightly. I took off the belt so I could breathe. I bent down and started to vomit. In the meanwhile my vision was blank, like a blind person. I had an awful hangover next morning. Was that a celebration for my birthday?
Essay 69. A lot of youths are now infatuated with online games rather than sports like bowling. They prefer to spend their money on Internet rather than clothes of well-known brands. Most of them often play games, such as a boss boarding a plane to bomb houses built with bricks, or they may play other bloody games. They are free to do whatever they like in the game; so many youths are fascinated by such violent games. Some gamers have set up branches and forums to communicate about the games by borrowing some members’ ideas. Though some games my train youth’s brain, they have much negative influence on them. Many children just sit at a computer for a whole day without a brief rest, just with a bottle of water or boiled eggs. And this has bothered parents a lot. A mother said: “If the game developers stop inventing online games, I would bow to them. Even a mother with broad mind can’t tolerate her child to play online games all day long.”
Essay 70. I had done a health check last month, and doctor told me that I had a cancer inside my lung. After I heard this shocking news, I rushed away and burst into tears at the cafeteria of the hospital. I didn’t know what to do, because everything came too fast. I cancelled all the appointments on the calendar, and I wanted to calm myself down for a while. This morning, after I brushed my teeth, I went to a café’ and had brunch alone. I ordered cabbage salad and watched news broadcasted on cable. A business scandal was on today’s headlines. I pressed the button on the remote controller to turn off the TV. I was sick of watching trades men fight each other for nothing. I went outside and enjoyed the sunshine. The sun burned bright in the sky, and I would live my life in the limited time. Maybe there would be a bundle of opportunities waiting for me, right?
Essay 71. John is the captain of a cartoon production company. He has a special way of living in order to have more creativity at work. He doesn’t read magazine, but he reads Shakespeare. He lives in an 18th-century castle, and the carpet and ceiling decorations are in Gothic style. There’s a cell in the cave at the back of the castle. He uses no lights but candles, no CDs but cassettes, no highlighters but chalks, and no credit cards but cash. He has never eaten cereal in the morning, because he grows his own potatoes and carrots at the orchard in the central castle. That’s why we never see him pushing a cart and shopping in the supermarket. Besides, he has no idea how to use the Internet, mobile phone, fax machine, etc. He’s been learning how to operate a cash machine currently. He always thinks he lives in the 18th century.
Essay 72. Most fast food restaurants are very dirty. There’s too much bacteria on the chopsticks in 90 percent of them. Kids who put their chins on the circle table will cause skin diseases. Restaurants usually claim that they use natural materials. Don’t be so childlike to believe them. There’s too much chemical substance in the beverages, such as hot chocolate. These kinds of restaurants or café’ are usually located on the streets and don’t charge much. These cheap restaurants will cheat on customers and harm citizen’s health. Customers don’t have a choice, because wherever they go are dirty places. In order to eat healthily, choose a restaurant of good character. It’s also important to change habits. Don’t let childish kids reach the food after playing chess or lying on the floor. Wash hands frequently. Being careful is better than being sorry!
Essay 73. I can confidently claim that my taste of fashion is fabulous. I am a clever and hard-working clear at a boutique. I have many classic clothes in my closet. I clothe myself according to the weather. I wear leather jacket and boots in cloudy days, and wear my Gucci sunglasses in sunny days. LV scarf is my favorite. It is made of the finest cloth, and light weighted. It’s suitable for the climate in Taiwan. I used to have a fight with my boyfriend, and he clawed at my scarf in a temper. It was my Achilles’ heel; I immediately stopped beating him and protected my scarf with my both hands. I almost broke up with him because of this! I also use hair clay to style my hair up. Whenever I go, I make myself fresh and clean. At work, I am proper and formal. In the club, I am colorful like a clown. Beautiful clothing is the most important thing in my life.
Essay 74. Next month my basketball team will have a match with another school’s. Our coach trainers us a lot, making us complain and feel not comfortable. One day, we completed the training and took showers in the changing room. My teammate tried to scare me and threw a cockroach at me. I was so angry, throwing a comb back, and had a conflict with him. Our coach blamed us and said we needed more practice compared to other teams. Afterwards, I spent some coins buying drinks for my teammate and we reconciled. I went home in the company of my teammates, and I invited them in. I showed them the colorful photos of coal trains I collected on my computer. We had a wonderful evening. The next day, our coach told us the date of the match was confirmed. I believe we can unite to beat the enemy, and everybody will say “congratulations!” to us.
Essay 75. There’s a young couple in Tai Dong County living their life with courage. They grow up and live in the countryside. The husband has lung disease for years, but he still works at a chemical factory. Even though the smell of chemical makes him cough, he still keeps working for the children’s education fee for it is costly. As a social worker, I contact them to give them some help. After a conversation with them, I find that they don’t have a convenient life. They don’t have enough money to buy cooker. The only thing they have is a pot at the corner of the kitchen. They use a dirty container to contain water for a shower. Since their cotton sheet has been stolen, they cover their bodies with cartons when they sleep. They control expenses carefully, but they spend money on a copy of Harry Porter for children. Considering their problem, I think the government should take the responsibility and give them some help.
Essay 76. My cousin, Derek, was a lovely kid and liked drawing picture with crayons. After he knew a crowd of bad people at high school, he became short-tempered and even crazy, making his life fall into crisis. He committed several crimes and refused to appear in court frequently. He even walked like a crab in the fields to damage the crops with his friends. My uncle and aunt were curious about whether he came down with some mental diseases which were difficult to cure. After he spent three years in prison, he was released. However, he found it difficult to find a job. Life was cruel, let alone he deserved to bear a cross. Hopefully, the Municipal Culture Center created some jobs for prisoners. Derek got a job at a café’. When I paid a visit there, I could tell that he was not a bad person anymore. He asked me with a friendly smile, “Do you like cream in your coffee?”
Essay 77. I own a curtain shop, and there are workers who are paid on a daily basis. There are many regular customers in my shop. Some of them delay the payment, so I get some bad debt. One day, a couple wanted to buy curtains to decorate their room. They debated what color to use from dawn to dusk. They couldn’t make a decision. The wife was mad and deaf to what her husband had said. This couple always argued; it was their custom. However, they turned out to fight this time. It was a dangerous situation. As they threw stuff to each other, my shop was damaged. I was so irritated that I kicked them out. “Nobody of your degree will be rude like you two. I will never deliver my curtains to you with delicious snacks for free!” I shouted.
Essay 78. Jenny worked at a department store. She loved pumps designed by Friday Giannini. She desired a rich boyfriend. She met a very nice guy three months ago, and developed relationship with him. She was attracted to his depth of knowledge and his Lamborghini. He’s Jason, a dentist. On Jenny’s birthday, Jason took her to the best Italian restaurant for dinner. After dessert, he took out a diamond ring which was worth 300,000 NTD as her birthday gift. Jenny was so touched and decided to marry him. Recently Jenny detected something wrong with him. He became too busy to return her phone calls. Jenny asked him if he’s dating other women, but he denied. Jenny then read his English diary and looked up the dictionary for hours to translate it. She found that Jason had dialed some numbers she didn’t know. She came to ask Jason’s best friend, and his friend told her that she shouldn’t depend on Jason. He described Jason as a playboy. Knowing the truth, Jenny resolutely deserted Jason.
Essay 79. As we enter the digital era, it’s not surprising for vinyl to disappear like extinct dinosaurs. The main difference between vinyl and digital music is the ability of storage. There’s difficulty to store thousands of vinyl, but millions of songs can be stored in a hard drive. One day I had a discussion on vinyl and MP3 files with my friends. We discussed the progress of recording technology, and I disagreed that vinyl should be replaced. MP3 file meant to make money for dishonest music pirate. As a director of a music publishing company, I loved music, and I loved vinyl. I brought my friends to my house to take a look at my vinyl collection. We drove in the direction of my house for a long distance, because my house was distant from downtown. After a few miles, my friends were getting dizzy on the mountain road. Finally we arrived. My friends were amazed by the enormous display of vinyl. I divided it into different sections; each type of music had its own division. That’s my irreplaceable treasure.
Essay 80. We are the most famous rock and roll band in downtown. Life is dull, and everybody needs excitement. Everybody used to doubt us, but our record sales figure has doubled that of our first album. I play drums in the band, and dress in punk style. I use hair dryer to stand my hair before I go out. There’s something special in our album. We sing with the sound of dolphin, and nobody has done that before. The dragon on the CD cover is drawn by the guitarist, Kevin. Kevin is not only a professional guitarist but also good at drawing. This afternoon we ordered doughnut and coffee at our studio. Kevin took some heroine from his drawer and took the drugs. We dragged him to the bathroom and locked him to avoid anything unexpectable. Amazing? Our life is like a drama, sometimes rises, but sometimes drops. Why not seize every moment to try something crazy with us?
Essay 81. I don’t have good education, so I am always dumb. I am a hotel cleaner. My duty is to clean the floor of the lobby, elevators, and rooms in hotel, but I just earn a few bucks. I lost my family in an earthquake a few years ago. My elder son is alive, but he is paralyzed. I make much effort to make a living, devoting all my energies to work. Due to lack of knowledge, my ways of working seem not effective. In the annual meeting, it’s a miracle that I defeated all the enemies and was elected as the leader of cleaners. I was filled with strong emotion and burst into tears. They said earnest, kindness and honesty were the elements of my success. It also hard effect upon those cleaners who looked down on their jobs initially. They were encouraged to work harder to get the chance of promotion. No matter what your job is, you should try your best.
Essay 82. There’s a problem existing between my girlfriend and me for a period. I went out with my ex-girlfriend and gave my current girlfriend some fake excuses, and now she knows the truth. She is extremely angry. Valentine’s Day is around the corner, and it will be a big event for us. I bought an expensive necklace and a card with a heart on the envelope for her. I made a lot of errors when I wrote the letter. I couldn’t find exact words to use, so I erased it with an eraser again and again. I spent the entire afternoon on it. On that day, I’ll take her to a renowned Japanese restaurant after she finishes her yoga exercise course. They serve excellent Sashimi. The environment is very romantic, too. After we enjoy delicious Japanese food, I’ll give her the gift and card at the entrance of the restaurant. I don’t expect that she will forgive me, but I still hope she will be excited.
Essay 83. Jenny had abundant love experiences. After she failed in relationship for a few times, she then became a love expert. Whenever her female friends had any problem with their boyfriends, she was always able to help them. She taught her fellows how to manage a relationship and express the feeling to their boyfriends. She even explained the details of every step, and her friends found it very helpful. She decided to found a consulting office, charging a little consulting fee from her clients. Some clients would pay her extra money to get advice from her. Soon she became a famous love consultant and women’s favorite, and got hundreds of friend requests and thousands of questions to answer on facebook, even including the questions like how to trim eyebrows. Now she becomes a writer and a talk show host. She says that everyone has his or her own faults that brings about failure. Nothing is fair in love; we would not favor one with less faults. That’s pertinent, right?
Essay 84. Chinese Kung Fu has gotten into the field of Hollywood films making for a while. It was originated from Bruce Lee, an incomparable fighter. Lee was an iconic figure known throughout the world and once made people in a fever of martial arts. Fans crazily flooded into the hall full of flash lights and flags at film festivals as long as he showed up. For me, the most impressive scene in his movie was when Lee stood fixed on the fence for several minutes with his left leg only. What’s more, he could break a table with the flat of his hands, sprinkling the flour all over the ground. As a martial artist, his body was always fit. His status in martial arts was quite firm. People nowadays are still fascinated with his legend, including fishermen, farmers, and those who seldom watch TV.
Essay 85. Music performance is a form of art. As a professional musician, it is a shame to make any foolish mistakes during public performances. I caught the flu last week, and I had a solo flute performance on the following day. That was the worst performance in my life. It was foggy and rainy. My concert was an international event, so everybody dressed formal suit. Half of them were foreigners. As the audience flowed into the fall, I felt many butterflies in my stomach. After the former performer left, I stepped on the stage. When I moved forwards, I found I couldn’t focus on the notation. I only remembered the forward part of the song. What I could do was playing the flute at will, like a fool. My tutor, who was like an old fox, intended to gain his reputation my me, would never forgive me.
Essay 86. I’ll be frank. The furniture in my house is gathered from the streets. I just took a freezer home from next door last week. The family living next to me is wealthy, and they always put the used furniture at the gate in front of their garage. Their gardener is friendly and generous to me. Maybe the second-hand furniture is garbage in their eyes, but they still functions well. However, there’s something I don’t take. I once took a Barbie doll last year, and it frightened me at night. I just took the general things after that. I’ve gained a lot of benefit from my neighbors. My friend tells me to stop picking things from the streets, but it is my freedom. It’s none of their business, and further, I’ve got a Panasonic LCD screen in my living room. Probably I will go to IKEA and purchase a dining table in the future, if I couldn’t find one on the street.
Essay 87. Mr. Smith is a professor in the University of California. He’s a gentleman with wisdom. He’s erudite in geography and zoology. He investigates animals like giraffes, goats, and giant pandas. He plays golf three times a week. He’s fond of it. He glues his golden gloves back together every time they get broken. The pair of gloves is old and dirty, but these are his favorite. Besides grading student’s papers, Mr. Smith spends rest of his time on political movements. When he talks about politics, Mr. Smith becomes intense and unlike a gentle person as usual. He thinks the bureaucratic government is corrupt, and is full of politicians who are greedy for power, not paying much attention to governing their areas. His goal is to do something to benefit the society rather than critize the politicians with a glass of grape wine at home. He’s really an enthusiastic and patriotic person.
Essay 88. After I greeted my fans with a smile, I started a three hours performance at the concert hall. It was the craziest night that I’d ever had. The show was climaxed when I threw my handkerchief to the audience. Everybody was squeezing together to get my handkerchief. They almost broke the line of security guard. We are now the hottest band in Taiwan, and I play guitar in the band. Allen is the vocalist, a handsome guy. After he joined our band, the number of fans was in a rapid growth. He was very good at handling our fans. After the show, we were back to the hotel. We brought some French fries, hamburgers, and beer. We hung the coats on the hangers and turned on the heater, started our private party. We have the habit of holding night parties, so we hardly sleep at night and don’t have healthy bodies. Take our band as the model in music but not in life!
Essay 89. I studied in a high school in America, and lived in New York. In the first month, I lived in a hotel in Manhattan. I moved to a homestay afterwards. It was a family living in an old house, and it was humid inside. The host was very friendly to me, and he taught me English. It was very helpful. When I felt homesick, I went to have Chinese food at China Town. I once had a fight with an American kid, because he made fun of my height and race. I took out the hidden weapon to beat him, and he hopped and kicked my hip. Both of us were sent to the hospital. My honey had stayed with me for three weeks. She was humble, honest and lovely. I started my hobby of DJ in a club. I also hired a second-hand turntable from an instrument store. However, I didn’t spend too much time on it for my heavy homework. My life in New York was very colorful. I would never forget it.
Essay 90. In some area, most people still live with their parents when they are thirty, even some married people do as well. This indicates that these parents ignore the importance of their children’s independence. I can’t imagine that a thirty-year-old man asks his mom for food when he feels hunger. When he’s ill, he goes to clinic in the company of parents. If he is jobless, his dad hurries him to hunt for a job on the Internet. If he is a house hunter, he even has to ask permission from his parents. The elements of being an independent adult include not only increasing income but also being responsible for his/her own life. Independent adults have a sense of humor, get along with others very well, and improve themselves all the time. Parents don’t need to direct their children, but let the kids find their own ways.
Essay 91. Animals are hard workers. For instance, ants are diligent insects. One afternoon, I watched the ants working and moving orderly on the ground. In an instant, I was deeply inspired and influenced by their patience. As an engineer, it’s important to insist on researching and developing. Afterwards, I worked for one month in my laboratory alone. After I locked myself in the lonely island for 30 days. I invented 12 items of surgical instrument. Everybody was amazed by my invention, and I got an invitation to an international surgical instrument forum. They invited me to introduce my products to some companies in the industry and a television interview. One company wanted to buy the patent from me and offered me a considerable price. I signed the contract two days ago. They started to advertise it while the ink was still wet on the contract. I made a lot of money, because I did put effort on it.
Essay 92. “Don’t judge a person by his or her appearance.” Mark away says. Mark is a kindergarten teacher. He’s quiet, and maybe a little bit shy. He eats jam sandwiches in the morning and jogs along the lane in the evening on weekdays, just like any normal people. After working, he buys newspaper and French-fried potatoes with ketchup on the way home. On the weekends, he wears leather jacket and jeans. He drives his jeep with rock jazz music to the countryside like a cowboy. He sees koalas and ladybugs along the way. The koalas knock his car to welcome him. He meets other off-road racers at the club at night. Car is the common language for men. They gather together to drink beer and share the knowledge of cars and engines. This place is Mark’s kingdom. He works all week and looks forward to the weekend coming.
Essay 93. I am a lawyer, and a legal representative of several listed companies. My colleagues admire me for my leadership. My latest case is about patent. No matter how busy I am, I still spend some time with my family. My kids feel very satisfied when having the lettuce salad I make. I squeeze lemon and mix it with soda to make lemonade. It’s healthy for my children to drink something natural. I borrow books from library for them. My friends lend me some story books as well. Before they go to sleep, they lie on my laps, listening to my stories. They love the story about a leopard licking a cat. With my company, they aren’t afraid even if they see the sudden lightning. It takes a short length of time to make them fall asleep. After I read this story for less than ten minutes, their lids will be half-closed. I decorate my kids’ room with a cute lantern, and they like it so much. I love my job, but I love my family more.
Essay 94. Bruce spent all his money and time on his girlfriend, Carol. Carol was a lovely girl, and Bruce was a good listener to her. Carol was the most important person for him, but Bruce limited her in everything out of desire for possession. Carol’s girl friends told her to break up with him, not to lock herself in a prison. They thought Bruce was a loser lacked of confidence. He worked at a local restaurant located in Tai Dong County and earned just a little. They couldn’t have a date at a nice restaurant. Bruce usually had dinner of a loaf of break. Carol decided to leave him, and she fell in love with a new lover. Bruce didn’t want to lose her, but the link between them had already wakened. He couldn’t accept the loss of the relationship and the rest lonely life. He moved to the beachside, built a cabin with logs, and lived a lonely life there with no electricity and liquid gas.
Essay 95. David is a male magician, and he has performed hundreds of magic shows. He acts in a mysterious manner, and he always wears a mask in the show to maintain his particular image. Nobody has ever seen his face. His look is still a question mark in everyone’s mind. There is a rumor that he has a marriage with a Chinese woman, and he can speak fluent Mandarin. Another is that he was born in a lower-class family. He once had an interview by a magazine, and he said that he had become a famous magician not only because of luck, but the main reason was that he had done mass of practice. The most famous performance for him is to make a mango disappear from a mat. Sometimes he plays his tricks on the streets. His life is like his magic performance – totally mysterious, but it is the charm to attract his fans.
Essay 96. I had a meeting with some members of my family and my mates at a restaurant yesterday. There were so many foods on the menu, such as melon salad, corn soup, pasta, etc. The restaurant used the best food materials. The sauce matched the steak perfectly. There was a band performing live, and they played some classic old songs. Those were all beautiful melodies, and it recalled the memory of my childhood. We had a really big meal, and we were all satisfied. Anyways the price was measurable. That was the meaning of life – enjoying delicious food. After dinner I sent a text message to my mom. She had high blood pressure for years. I reminded her to take medicine and measure her blood pressure on time. Doctors had no means to cure her illness, just to control it. That was also why she didn’t join with us for dinner. She needed to stay home taking a rest. I hoped she could recover soon, and then she could join us next time.
Essay 97. I am fond of the models of military airplane since I was young. My friends collect the models of motorcycle, and his collection is worth five hundred thousand NTD. Mine is worth more than one million NTD. My favorite one is the giant F-16 aircraft model, a monster. I always polish its surface and make it shine like a mirror. It is made of metal, and there are meters inside. There are different kinds of methods to make a model, and it’s the most difficult and expensive way, which makes it resemble the real aircraft very much. Another one of my favorite models is not in good condition. It is minus one wing. I don’t take care of it well, and it has become the home of mosquitoes and moths. My collection is mixed with modern and classic styles. I do this for my own motion to be a pilot, but now I am an engineer. It’s the biggest mistake I’ve ever made to choose the wrong career.
Essay 98. I took my son to Taipei museum for National Natural Animal Exhibition last week. My son was very naughty. He ran around in the MRT station, and he nearly hit a kid on the narrow aisle. After we entered the museum, my son gazed at the fake movable mule and the models of naked primitives. Afterwards, we went to the music hall nearby for orchestral concert. The musicians were from Germany, and we enjoyed the performance so much, but my son just kept biting his nails all the time. Later, we went to a Greek restaurant. I told my son to keep the dining table neat when eating, but he still played with the napkin. I told him if he didn’t sit properly. I wouldn’t take him out again. He was scared, so he sat nicely. Arts activities and performances have multiplied in Taiwan recently, and they don’t cost much. It’s good to spend some time experiencing the culture of arts with your friends and family on weekends.
Essay 99. My nephew and niece live in northern China. I visited them last month, and I ate noodles and steamed dumplings every day there. Nobody ate rice there, so none of the restaurants sold rice. I brought a necklace for my niece and a notebook for my nephew. My family lived in the countryside. Everyone knew how to fish with nets there. It was necessary for every person to learn this skill before they grew up. Every morning my nephew went fishing with his neighbors. When I lived in their house, I woke up at 5 o’clock every morning. That was too early for me, so always nodded in the afternoon. My nephew built a comfortable nest for him and his wife. When my nephew went out for fishing, his wife stayed home and sewed the clothes with needles and threads. They are not wealthy at all, but neither my nephew nor his wife has a negative attitude. I think that is what I should learn from them.
Essay 100. Mandy is a novel nut, and she reads them novels a week. Her mom is annoyed with that, but she doesn’t obey her mom and still goes her own way. School teachers object to what she does either, for Mandy doesn’t listen to teachers in the class but reads the novels. She is fond of writing as well, and she’s good at organizing the structure of essays. Her intelligence of writing is far above the ordinary. One day, something surprising occurred. She got an official letter from the Organization of Writers, which was an organ of government operating internationally, and they offered Mandy a job. They even omitted the job interview. She was so delighted and asked her mom’s opinions. Her mom thought it was a great chance for Mandy and decided to celebrate it. Mom roasted Mandy’s favorite steak and onion pie in the oven. They had a wonderful dinner that night. After that, her mom would not stop what Mandy liked to do anymore.
Essay 101. Bill was an overseas painter, and his most renowned painting was an animal portrait. He had painted owls, oxen, and pandas in his works. Unfortunately, he couldn’t sell any of his paintings. He ran out of money after he had been to the country for weeks. He was kicked out of the house by the owner. He packed his clothes and teeth brushes with him, wearing pajamas, and hung around on the streets with the package of painter’s paraphernalia. He slept under the overpasses and the palm trees. He got sick after he strayed on the streets for a few months. His stomach was painful, so he ate some papayas to ease the pain. He also stole a pan from a house to cook food. Even though he lived a hard life, he still kept painting. He still went to the market to sell his paintings every day. He believed one day his works would appeal to most people.
Essay 102. My little brother cried for taking him out on the weekend. He was annoying, but I was still patient with him. In order to stop him disturbing the peace at home, I gave him a pat and comforted him. After I gave him a peach and pear to eat, he finally stopped crying. I had nothing in particular to do on the weekend. So I took my little brother to the zoo with my partner. There were so many passengers on the bus to the zoo, and he started crying again. I was getting really angry and yelling at him. I kept saying “Pardon me” to other passengers. Afterwards, we walked along the path in the zoo. My brother loved parrots and penguins most. The parrots patterned on what human said. That was very funny, and we fed them with peanuts. The penguin was a peaceful animal, and it looked chubby and stupid. We took a lot of photos, and I pasted them on the refrigerator. I hoped my brother could grow up soon and stop annoying me.
Essay 103. How about grilling a pigeon? Pigeon feathers are suitable for making pillows, and the pigeon is also extremely delicious after being grilled. I’ll share the personal recipe with you. To pick the best pigeon meat from the market, you need to keep an eye on the color. Dark is unacceptable. The first step, put the meat on the BBQ grill. Timing is very important. If you leave it too long, the meat will be tough like a ping-pong ball. If it’s perfect timing, the meat will be tender. Don’t forget to sprinkle some salt and pepper per minute. After the meat has been grilled for a period of time, put a pile of sliced pineapples on the surface. This dish is good for picnic or barbecue party. My photographer has taken photos and videos of the process of grilling pigeon, and you can watch them on our website and print them out to pin on your noticeboard. I don’t have a way with a phrase, but I believe this is the most delicious course I’ve ever made.
Essay 104. We went camping last week, and that was a pleasant excursion. We took the train for six hours. When we arrived there, we smelled the fresh air on the platform of the train station as getting off the train. We pitched a tent by the river, surrounded by pink flowers. I was in a playful mood. I threw my friend into the river, and they did the same thing on me. We ate home-made pizzas for dinner. After we finished the food on the plates, we laid on the plain and watched the clear sky. The view here was much better than that in the city. There were stars in the sky, and we guessed which planets they were. I lit my pipe and smoked the tobacco, and read a poem written by Percy Bysshe Shelley, who was a Gothic literature poet plus a politician. He opposed to the policies of the government at that time, so his works were considered as poison in the 18th century. It was a pleasure to spend the night with my friends in the mountains.
Essay 105. It is a small town with a population less than ten thousand people. There’s a small port. Country rock is the most popular music there. People are polite and they go to church to praise God every Sunday. Religion is a powerful faith for them, and they all have a positive attitude towards life. My grandma has lived there for a long time. Whenever she sends a postcard to me, it reminds me of the port pie, mashed potatoes, and big pot of chicken soup made by her. I lived in my grandma’s house for one month last year, and I gained 10 pounds. Recently, a company’s announcement has been posted everywhere in town, which is about building a nuclear power station here. The possibility of execution is rather high, and it will pose a threat for the natural environment. I pray that there will be no nuclear power station in town, so the town can be the same as before.
Essay 106. Last week the president was present in a press conference with the prince and princess. The conference was mainly about the news of the prince’s graduation. He had just graduated from Harvard University, so the presence of the school principal surprised him very much. The principal took pride in the prince, because he made an astonishing decision after graduating from Harvard. He preferred being a social worker to being a politician. He wanted to take care of the prisoners in prison. Serving and helping people was his life principle, and he had done a lot of contributions to charities in private. He thought the ability to help others is the best prize he owned. He didn’t live a luxurious life, and didn’t have the habit of smoking and drinking. He even took a part-time job as a printer in a factory, and the profits he produced were all donated to poor families. The princess supported what her brother did, and honored him very much.
Essay 107. Recently I have proposed a project of a brand, new style of music. I am a music producer, and I am proud of my music. My new album is progressing. I have promised all my friends that I’ll bring the modern pop music to new era and provide different style of music to the audience. Everyone thinks my music is odd, the way I dress is odd, and my personality is odd. I have been different from others since I was young. When I was in sixth grade, I fought with other pupils to protect a puppy. I couldn’t stand seeing those kids maltreat a puppy. After I expelled those kids, I gave my pumpkin pudding to the puppy. But one of the kids attacked me at the back, and the blood was pumping out. Of course I was punished, but I persisted that I was correct. I started to do something different from other students. In a press conference, I pronounced that everyone shouldn’t be the puppet of mainstream, but the master of ourselves.
Essay 108. It puzzled me why I always had the same problem. Whenever I met a girl, I tried so hard to make her happy. I spent a quarter of my salary on the best restaurant to please her. I used to stand in front of my ex-girlfriend’s house on a rainy day for three hours to ask her back, but she had so many excuses to quit me. I was the rare kind of good guys. Recently I’d realized the reality. It was much more beneficial for me to change my look rather than burn a hoe in my purse. I didn’t go to the expensive restaurants which exceeded my budget range anymore. I met a beauty at a recent speech forum, and we exchanged telephone numbers. Then I started to date with her. My friends were surprised by the rapid change of me. They quizzed me about my pet rabbit’s name to make sure who I was. I told them that quality often mattered more than quantify, so personality mattered more than money!
Essay 109. My wife and I led a regular life, but I couldn’t stand my wife anymore. She nagged at me 24 hours a day. She talked as much as the reporters on TV. She repeated the same thing to me again and again. She kept a record of my daily expenses, and complained that I spent money on tobacco instead of buying a new refrigerator for her. One day I bought a rectangular table home. She didn’t like rectangle, and blamed on me loudly. Recently, she rejected sleeping with me. If I tried to approach and talked to her, she refused to reply to me. I thought she didn’t respect me at all. Our relationship nearly came to an end, because she even had relations with another woman. I regarded her as a lesbian who never loved me from the beginning. However, we were both responsible for our marriage. We didn’t realize that both of us required privacy, and we needed to understand each other’s region. Unfortunately it was too late.
Essay 110. My friend had been a sailor in the navy. After years of hard working, he became an important military ruler. He reviewed the troops when the president visited. The training was tough there. When he was a new soldier, he needed to climb on a rocky road every day. His body was in good condition. He’s a good long-distance runner. He saved a large amount of riches before he retired. I think soldier is a very important role in defending the safety of our country, but some of them are rude. That is resulted from the single-sex environment in the army. One day we were treated to a royal feast at a restaurant at a five star level. When we got there, a soldier rushed to the buffet and filled his plate with salad. He shook his legs while eating, so the table rocked like an earthquake. After he used the restroom, it was in a totally mess. Other guests found it annoying, and I was embarrassed. Since soldiers protected our home, I forgot about it.
Essay 111. My secretary knew where to buy the best sandwiches in the city. She had been searching in every section of the city and selected the top three. In the selections of her favorite coffee shops, the best one was on Collin streets. The food there really satisfied me. There’s the owner’s secret sauce for sandwiches. It’s neither too salty nor too sweet. The sauce matched the chicken perfectly and was worth 100 scores. It’s a small but comfortable place. They had air-conditioner, LCD screen, and stylish decoration, so I loved to tastes sandwiches there. The owner told me that making sandwiches was a science. He needed to experiment again and again, like a scientist. Then he used scissors to cut his new sandwiches, and gave some to me as samples. I was filled with joy, since that was the best sandwich I had ever eaten.
Essay 112. I took out the books from the shelf. It was the first day of the new semester, and I had been separated from my friends for two months. When I walked on the sidewalk to school, it was a big shock for me to meet my friend, Mark. I was in silence for a moment and burst into laughter. Mark had become too fat! Mark’s parents were public servants, and earned a lot of money. They took him to Thailand for vacation for two months, and he ate a lot and became like this. He was a shrimp, so he looked so funny in shorts. Mark was embarrassed and signed me to stop laughing. I knew he was serious but I just couldn’t help laughing. After I laughed for a few minutes, I settled myself. Mark shared his interesting stories in Thailand with me. There were thundery showers in the afternoon every day in Thailand. He shot some beautiful pictures about shells on the beach. The trip was fun, but he needed to diet to lost weight.
Essay 113. Christine is tall and skinny, and she has a pair of long and slim legs. Her beautiful face and slender figure make her very popular, but she still keeps single. She’s a skillful model on the runway. Her friends say that she is very similar to Lin Chi Ling in appearance. She once had an embarrassing experience. One day she felt so sleepy during work. It was simply because she had a party last night and didn’t have enough sleep. She was dressed in silk and short skirt, with slippers below. Suddenly, she slipped while she was performing, and slid down the stage. But soon she got up and finished the show. The audience was silent for a moment and then applauded loudly. When she finished work, she washed her face by the sink to remove her makeup, and had a snack with a cup of coffee. The director came to her and praised her for her composedness. She was such an earnest model.
Essay 114. Patrick worked in a bank after graduation from school. He was a snail, so he lost the job after a few months. He needed somebody to help him, and he needed somewhere to live. High unemployment rate had caused a lot of social problems. There were thousands of people like Patrick in our society, Patrick tried to find some sources of job hunting information, and went to job expositions. He had no idea what sort of job was suitable for him, so he walked to a booth of army recruitment. The speaker persuaded him to become a soldier. Patrick thought joining the army might solve his problems, so he signed the contract. He served in a camp in southern Taiwan. He did the same thing every day: eating soybean and rice every morning, playing soccer in the afternoon, and washing underwear and socks after taking a shower in the evening. He found that army life was boring and he started to worry about his future. “will I still do the same thing when my hair is snowy-white? Is being a soldier really a solution for me?”
Essay 115. I have a high standard in food. The branches of my restaurant have sprung up like mushrooms and spread to every spot of the city at a high speed. Each restaurant has a distinct theme, such as spider man, superman, and batman. The one at the city square has the theme of spider man, and it serves the best steamed fish, steak, spinach salad, and grilled squirrel. We use funny spelling to name the courses. There is a stage for live band performance. We even advertise our restaurant by distributing stamps. Other restaurants steal my idea and do the same thing as me, but I’m still the top. They are probably good at copying, but they don’t have the spirit in their restaurants. They have the appearance, but they don’t catch the implication. The food and service of my restaurants are exclusive. That is why our customers come after another.
Essay 116. It’s typhoon season from June to September. It was a summer afternoon. There was the biggest storm in the past decade. One steel stick fell straight on my stomach when I was sitting on the bridge, striking my body heavily, and I was hurt badly. It was too windy, so I lost my balance and fell into the stream from the bridge. I struggled to swim in the stream for two hours and finally got out of it on my own. After a string of accidents, I was totally in panic. I knocked on the door of somebody’s house. A guy opened the door, and he was shocked by a bloody stranger standing in front of him. He brought me in, kept me beside the stove and gave me a strawberry cake and a glass of milk. When I drank the milk through a straw, I found that I couldn’t stretch my arms. I was sent to the hospital, and the doctor laid great stress on the importance of staying home in typhoon days with strict attitude. I really deserved it.
Essay 117. How could I be so stupid that I made a mistake on the question like subtracting ten from ninety? I failed two subjects including mathematics this semester. I walked at the subway station on a sunny day and thought about my future. My dad expected that I would succeed, but I was kicked out of school. When I hung around in the supermarket, I met a guy in suit, who was as graceful as a swan. He said he’s a successful sales representative of a company, which was an international corporation supplying a wide range of consumer products. He told me that in order to survive in the competitive society, he swallowed all insults and kept on working. Success was supported by years of work and practice. There’s no sudden achievement. On the surface, direct-selling wasn’t a good job for most people, but it’s because most people didn’t understand it. He persuaded me to join his sales team, and I accepted it. I hoped I would succeed in another way and live up to my dad’s expectation.
Essay 118. I have a teenage nephew. He is talkative and he has a talent for music. His mom passed away when he was in his teens. He shed a lot of tears with great grief then. Taking care of himself was a difficult task for him. He stopped playing on the swings in the park with other kids and threw away his toy tanks. Every morning he went to the market and swept the house before school. After school, he looked after his litter sister and made dinner for her. He was adept at cooking. I’ve tried his chicken soup, and it was very tasty. He even made a sweater for his sister by hands. He is a member of the school basketball team now, and his target is to become a famous player. Every time I visit them, I bring some tangerines and video tapes for them. My nephew is the symbol of model students, and I sincerely hope them to grow up well.
Essay 119. Most teenagers don’t have a healthy life. They spend too much time on TV and talking on the telephone every day. In addition to a great amount of homework, they need to read thick textbooks for the test at the end of every term. They don’t have enough exercise. They spend too much time on playing on-line games, and therefore they do not look thin but heavier and heavier. They should have more outdoor activities. They can play basketball, soccer, or tennis, even go camping with their friends. To put up a tent by ourselves is terrific. They should not download movies but go to the theater for movies. It’s terrible to stay at home for all the weekend. My child is going to have a big exam next month, and he stays awake all night studying. He is like a thief, never sleeping at night. I plan to take him to the temple to worship. Maybe it will help him release the pressure.
Essay 120. I am a writer. I had my birthday party at a hot pot restaurant with my friends last week. After that, we went to a pub. My friends said I was thirsty, because I kept drinking. I drank any kind of alcohol: lemon drop, tequila, cherry brandy, etc. After we toasted each other for several rounds, I felt so sick. I felt like something was coming through my throat. I ran to the restroom and vomited all things like tomato and tofu in the toilet, even spread to my toes. I felt much comfortable throughout my body, and came back to drink. My friend told me there was tofu on my teeth and my tongue, and I was too embarrassed to stay, forgetting to tip the beautiful waitress. I stood on the road and thumbed for a hitchhike, but I didn’t see any cars passing. Later came the thunder storm. I wrote a book with the title of “alcoholic” afterwards, talking about the topics about night life.
Essay 121. I’ve done triangle trades with my customers in Sri Lanka for years. Sir Lanka is a country full of treasure, and I’ve made a big fortune there. However, there are a lot of traps when I do business with them. My customer used to play a nasty trick on me, and made me involved in a complicated trail. It is important to respect their religious tradition. I make a tour there every year. The largest city of the country, Colombo, is a civilized but traditional place. There are skyscrapers and towers, also unmade tracks. Cows walk on the streets, and that causes traffic jams. Remember to bargain when you buy anything. I once bought a pair of trousers with 1000 rupee, but I saw the same thing at half price somewhere else. Don’t eat the food that is treated by strangers, otherwise you may have diarrhea for a week. Never use the towel in the hotel. If you have a chance to travel there, you’ll find it interesting.
Essay 122. My brother liked trumpeting his achievements, but nobody would every trust him. In my point of view, he was a perfect type of idiot upon the stupid things he had done. That was the truth instead. He forgot to wear uniform to work but wore underwear only. He had ugly and yellow teeth. He used only on tube of tooth paste for one year, because the seldom brushed his teeth. He had a scar on his upper lip resulted from an accident a few years ago. He drove my dad’s truck to the mountains when the typhoon came, and he bumped into the wall in a tunnel. Two of his teeth were gone, so he couldn’t eat his favorite turkey anymore. There’s a Hello Kitty printed on his umbrella. He looked so annoying every time he put his umbrella up. He had a turtle as his pet, and he always slept with it. One day he found the turtle dead under his body. My brother was the stupidest person in the world. I thought he was from another planet!
Essay 123. I was used to taking drugs. I was a heavy drug user. It was usual for me to smoke marijuana all day. My dad tried to help me abstaining from using drugs and took a vacation with me to Tai Dong. We visited an aboriginal village in a valley. The population was less than two hundred people. Before we came, they had just voted for the new chief. Only males could be the voters. There weren’t many visitors to the village, so we were welcomed by them. We lived there for two months. I went hunting with those men every day, and played volleyball with kids. I learned many aboriginal vocabularies. I got along with them pretty well. I recorded video of my daily life there. Before we left, I gave my used violin to the kids. It was of great value to me. After the vacation, my mind rested in peace, and I stopped taking drugs gradually. It was a mighty victory for me.
Essay 124. Jessica was a waitress at a café. She always woke up late and never went to work on time. She always forgot to tie the apron around her waist, too. There were many customers on weekdays, but it took her a long time to take an order. Her boss was dissatisfied. One afternoon, Jessica spread watermelon juice over a western customer’s shirt. His shirt was wet and he demanded an apology from Jessica. However, she could neither speak English nor understand what he said. A wave of anger swept over the customer. He took a weapon from his four-wheel sports car and showed his whale tattoo. She was scared and her tears fell like a waterfall. Whatever she said, the customer didn’t understand. She took out a pile of name cards from her wallet and found someone to turn to. Finally she found one who spoke English very fluently. It was her fiancé, who was going to wed her. Whenever she got into trouble, her finance would show up and help her. Fortunately, the westerner left and didn’t hurt her.
Essay 125. When winter comes, wild animals will take a long sleep. It’s windy in the season, and the wind whispers everywhere. Wherever we go, there is no vitality. The eagles do not spread their wings and fly in the sky anymore. They are willing to take a rest and save the energy for spring. Plum trees are the winners in winter. The colder it becomes, the more beautifully they bloom. Whoever sees the blossom of plum trees, they will be amazed at its vitality. Because of the continuous rain, the width of the river is widening. It is a miracle made by nature. Since it’s very chilly outside, I make a wise decision to stay home. When I intend to make a phone call to my mother, I find the wire busy. Staying home with nothing to do is very boring, so I dial again and again. Finally, I come through on the phone, but the housekeeper says my mom isn’t available. I have to idle away all day.
Essay 126. There were zebras and sheep in the yard of my house. The sheep produced wool which was worth a lot of money. Recently I found wounds on the sheep, and the wooden fence was broken. I wondered who dared to break into my yard and hurt my sheep. I spent all my youth in this place. After my parents passed away, I had worked at this farm until now. I was pretty sure that there’s no other neighbors living within 15 miles of my cottage. I stayed awake at night to see who in the world broke into my yard without being noticed I found that a wolf had done this. I set traps to catch the wolf. The next day, the wolf was caught. I had no idea how to deal with it, so I just left it alone. Several days later, it starved to death. Actually, I didn’t mean to kill it; I just wanted to protect my livestock. However, without their natural enemies, my sheep had a wonderful night.
Essay 127. Peter was a man full of adventure. He also had advanced ideas for his job and life plans. His part-time job was to perform acrobatics. He asked himself to make every act accurate on the stage. He believed achievement to the perfection was the best reason that a lot of fans admired him so much. He also admitted to the danger he might confront during the performance. One day, there was an activity for him to go aboard the ship to perform. He went through the contract that he could get the pay and advantages in advance. It was very attractive to him. However, and additional condition was that the actual completion was necessary no matter what aches or accidents happened during the performance Peter thought it was acceptable and suggested that the boss remit money to his account promptly before the performance started. The boss adopted it and promised him. He really earned a fortune by his special skill.
Essay 128. A high school tried to teach students traditional agriculture in Taiwan. After the discussion, the school announced that they would make a short film as an advertisement to broadcast nationwide. The school also invited an adviser from an advertising agency for professional advice. He advised to start from an angle of showing Taiwan’s agriculture from early phase to present phase. However, the school’s budget could not afford such a high expense. Therefore, the school representative tried to persuade the advertising agency to cut the price. The agency was so affected by their ambition and agreed. The school representative was amazed and described the leader of this agency as an angel who came down from the heaven. The principal, who was a retired ambassador, said, “Agriculture is never apart from our lives. It is everywhere, even down a narrow alley in your neighborhood. I will invite more specialists to popularize the knowledge of agriculture for our school afterwards.”
Essay 129. An athlete should possess an apparent life goal and diligent attitude toward his or her career. That is, he or she needs to know how to perform best to attract the audience who sit aside the stadium, appreciating and assisting the athletes all the way. This is why the coach jokes with every athlete by “You don’t need to be good at arithmetic. However, you have to learn how to appeal to people’s attention when you are in a stadium.” In spite of supporters, athletes also need to support themselves by attempting to overcome challenges. For most audience, an athlete with great ambition is very attractive to them. This is also the way to approach the arrival of success and get approved by people who support them. Thus, their efforts will not become ashes. Someday their dream will finally come true.
Essay 130. There was a famous author with very excellent background. He was awarded literature prizes with an average of 5 times per year. His books were available in most libraries. His favorite interest was driving his car. He had an automobile with an automatic transmission. One day, he ate a bacon burger while driving on the Fifth Avenue. Suddenly, he was aware that something dangerous was going to happen. However, it was too late. A woman playing badminton got hit badly by the author. He sent the woman to the hospital right away. She got a deep wound. For fear of bacterial infection, she needed an injection when she was not awake. The police came after she awakened. The author felt so guilty for what he had done and learned a lesson through this awful experience.
Essay 131. Peter brought his baggage and participated in a surviving competition. The competition proceeded in an isolated island. He needed to cross bays by ship in order to arrive at the island. It was filled with various beings. The winner would be the one who could kill the most beasts. By the way, the island had a barn for participants to eat and sleep. All the participants had bare necessities of living. Peter brought the baits and was ready to catch beasts. He saw a beam from the forest. He behaved carefully in order to approach a horse but got kicked on the belly. Peter backed to the barn and took out a bandage beneath his seat. He wrapped his wound and tried to stand up. Unfortunately, he lost his balance and fell. He had to quit the competition and went home for he could barely walk. Beggars outside his house surrounded him and asked for food. Peter gave them a barrel of rice he brought from the barn. Although he didn’t win the game, he still felt satisfied.
Essay 132. Tom was addicted to bingo game and lost a lot of money. His wife blamed him so much and divorced him. He had to ask people for biscuits and berries to survive. Such a poor life bored him greatly. One day, he heard of news that the factory near the border produced a billion tons of brass. He wanted to gain benefits to play bingo again. When Tom drove to the factory and braked at the gate, the guard found Tom and gunned him down. Tom also shot him back. The bold guard wearing a pair of boots soon passed away because he bled badly. Afterwards, Tom was dead, too. He was wrapped with a blanket, lying on the ground when the ambulance arrived. The locals built a stele in order to remember the bravery of this guard and to bless the area.
Essay 133. A bride was holding her wedding ceremony in the backyard of her house because of limited budget. Her backyard had the brook nearby, which provided a great atmosphere for the wedding. The guests saw beautiful bubbles when whey casted stones into the brook. She also provided buffet and several buckets of beverages. The weather was fantastic with the nice sunshine. A breath of the gentle breeze could smell that a bunch of peach flowers were budding. Suddenly, there was a bull running from the neighbor’s farm and bumping into the bride’s fence. Everyone was shocked. The brilliant bride took a gun from her house and shot the bull’s breast with the tranquilizer bullet. The bull fell down and breathed slowly. They went on their happy banquet after the accident.
Essay 134. There was a play performed in a campus. The capital cast was formed by several students who were capable of acting. In the beginning of the play, a group of reporters, wearing casual clothes, took an airplane in the passenger cabin and arrived at a mysterious village. The locals held a ceremony to celebrate the first village head’s birthday. The locals asked a carpenter to fix the broken carriage in order to transport sacrificial offerings to the first village head’s stele. They carried sugar canes, rice wine, and cattle they had captured from the bush for worship. The village head’s stele was on the top of the canyon. The locals took out sacrificial offerings and buried animals in front of the stele. They explained to the reporters that it was one of the important steps in the ceremony. The play was like a documentary film about traditional customs and got highly praised. The students thought it was a heavy burden at first, but the result was worth it.
Essay 135. I recall a chain of impressive memories in my childhood. Do you still remember? In a chilly day, we watched TV channels together with a heater aside. Later, we had a challenge to debate. The champion could eat the fresh cherries out mother bought. You won the game and wore a cheerful smile. Sometimes, we stayed up all night just for chatting with each other. You lay on my chest, talking about everything, from baseball game to friends’ gossip. We cheered when the baseball group we supported won. In addition, we liked to take a bottle of beer and cheese cake from kitchen and shared with each other. We were worried that if our parents would find us drinking because of our red cheeks. I am charmed by those interesting memories whenever I think of them. Now we have grown up. It is time for us to chew over our life plan. Those memories in childhood will be one of the most wonderful chapters in our life.
Essay 136. There is a curio shop in town. Most classic collections in the shop are from colonies. The shop has a client whose job is a clown in the circus. One day, the circus had a performance in a college. The clown performed how to swallow a chip without injury, smoke a cigarette without a lighter, drink cocktail without a straw, play coconuts by hands and slip from the chimney. The special and funny performance of the clown was the reason that this circus could be so popular. However, an accident happened in this performance. The clown’s collar was hooked when he tried to slip through the chimney. He got stuck and even chocked by such a situation. Luckily, a worker saw him and chopped the chimney. Then the clown was sent to a clinic nearby right away. The doctor asked the worker many questions in order to find more clues. However, the clown passed away and finished his circus life.
Essay 137. A number of professional pianists had to carry out the command they received from the government. They needed to compete with other professional pianists from all over the world in a concert. They were under great pressure and therefore had a complex about this concert. They didn’t hope the competition was just for a commercial purpose. Thus, they had complaints regarding everything in order to make their performances perfect. For example, they asked the stage to be decorated around by nine columns and combined with various kinds of lights. The committee heard of this kind of condition and was very concerned about it. After communicating with those pianists, the committee comforted them and concluded that the local and foreign pianists had different styles by comparison. Later on, the rule was modified. The government made a conclusion that the concert would turn out to be a pure performance.
Essay 138. Tom was a confident and creative businessman. No one believed that he was cradled in poverty. The business trip for him was constant every month because he had signed a contract with the company. However, after several years, he was tired of frequent long-distance trips even though he made a considerable amount of money. One day he got a car crash on the way to the airport. He was injured and could not go for a business trip for a couple of months. After leaving the hospital, he lay on a couch and became conscious that he would violate the contract. He was so confused whether to continue the contract. Suddenly, he saw a snail crawling on the ground and retreated into its shell when he touched it. He connected what he saw with his consideration of terminating the contract. The connection made him think himself as a coward. He decided to continue the contract, but asked for a closer destination, such as the Continent.
Essay 139. There was a crew with the same cultural background who worked in a shop which sold all kinds of creatures in town. They loved their darling creatures so much. That was the reason that they worked there for such a long time. The shop was located near a dam. The owner was crowned by the prince before and had great credit. One day, the crew went to the dairy to buy milk. They saw a group of criminals by accident on a ship. They crept and followed them aboard. One of the criminals went to the cupboard on the deck and took some crickets out. Criminals were trying to put crickets into a dark bottle with unknown chemicals inside. The crew dared not to move forward to stop what they were doing. They just left as soon as possible and reported to the police. The policeman sighed and said the current cycle of economic booms and slumps inevitably caused the criminal behavior.
Essay 140. Tom lived in a democratic country. He was a diligent designer who worked very hard. He was on a diet in order to save money. However, he had a bad habit – excessive drinking. One day, he was drunk and slept soundly on the bed. He dreamed that a devil appeared in the dim light and told him “You are trying to destroy your wonderful life because of excessive drinking. Drinking too much is not a noble deed. If you keep drinking like this, I will take all of your deposits away from your account.” When he awaked, he got a blue scratch on his head. His coworkers saw and asked him what happened to him. He made a very clear description with every detail of the dialogue last night. His coworkers defined the dream as a hint that he should quit drinking. Even if he didn’t believe it, he respected the democracy of free speech. After reflection, he determined to quit drinking. Consequently, he would never delay the delivery of his works to clients.
Essay 141. Recently, reported by domestic news, there was a man who lost all his money because of his addition to gamble. He always managed to dodge being discovered what he had done by his parents. Still his parents found it out. They were disappointed and force him to move out. The man could not go to disco anymore because he had no money. He sold out all his discs and picked dimes people lost in the ditch every day. He brought the money to a restaurant to dine. Since he had not taken a shower for a long time and got dirt all over his clothes, the owner gave him a discount out of sympathy. He disliked being dirty and was scared that he might get diseases. His discovery for taking a free shower is a river. He passed by a dock and dived into the water, dipping himself inside for a shower. People were shocked and thought him as an exhibitionist.
Essay 142. A well-educated editor was eager for success. She loved her job which was to edit various kinds of books. The company she worked just published the sixth edition of a famous dictionary. She hoped the sixth edition could arouse echoes like those previous editions did. The company got some financial problems last month. The salary of last month was due this month. However, the company still could not pay the employees. The editor was frustrated and used the earnings she left to drink in a bar. She was drunk, and then went home. She felt so drowsy and almost drowned herself in a bathtub. Her mom came home from dumping trash and was dusting the living room. She heard her daughter screaming and ran into the bathroom. She drained the water in the bathtub and gave her daughter a dose of vitamin. In the morning, she woke up and was doubtful about the dramatic nightmare she had yesterday.
Essay 143. An elderly employer was a mayor with a lot of votes in the election. After her retired, he opened a shop which sold mainly electronic products. He was very strict. His employees always described him as an emperor in the ancient palace. He arranged many training courses to enable his employees to be independent. Independence was an important qualification for him to employ workers. Another important qualification he emphasized was that employees needed to be efficient at work. He thought employees should not slack off even though the shop was empty. One day, the shop was in a blackout. There was no electricity inside. He took the chance to test employees how to deal with emergency. A clerk went to check the main electric power. Others supported customers’ elbows with hands and guided them to sit down. For most employees, this test was tough but very educational.
Essay 144. An engineer, Tom, was engaged in designing machines in a large firm. All of his friends envied him because of his beautiful and energetic girlfriend. Tom was planning to propose to her. He had an idea of proposing in an exhibition because his girlfriend was fond of arts. His friends thought this idea’s excellence was to share enjoyable mood with people in the exhibition. They decorated the entry of the exhibition the day before the proposal. They thought a good environmental influence really mattered. The next day, when his girlfriend entered the hall, all people applauded and he proposed at that moment. His girlfriend was shocked and then escaped through the exit. She started the engine of the car and left. She thought her boyfriend was so evil to propose in the public, which made her want to erase this memory. He neither cared about her existence nor asked her opinions in advance, just exchanged her face for his face. How embarrassing it was!
Essay 145. Gary was a big fan of bomb studies. He was very familiar with its history and development. One time, he did an experiment without the instructor’s permission. He had a great expectation for the result, but the bomb exploded before he finished. He fainted due to the heavy smoke and was sent to the hospital. The instructor came, telling him the factors of his failure with unpleasant expression. It was because of the fake material he used. The instructor said, “You need the faith in your experiment. Don’t be opportunistic, or your effort will be like a fairy tale in the fable, or like faded flowers for want of water. You cannot earn people’s trust and the bombs you make will never be exported worldwide. Your dream will never come true and you will never become a successful scientist.” Gary was suddenly enlightened and gave his instructor an expressive nod.
Essay 146. Peter took a fancy to birds. He filed all kinds of features of birds. He bred birds at home, and thought it was a fashion. He sold birds to make money as well. One day, a client faxed her order of ten birds and asked for cash on delivery. She would pay the fare. When Peter arrived, the family were having a BBQ party. A woman held two plates, with flesh of birds on it, and those birds’ feathers were gone. She flavored it with vinegar, and then put birds on the grill with intense flames. Peter asked her why she did it. She side she had eaten it in the flea market. Peter went farther to avoid hitting her with his fist out of anger. He fastened his helmet belt and glanced at a floating feather in the bucket: “Dear bird, maybe it is your fate! I am sorry!”
Essay 147. There was a foundation which was founded by the folk who were fond of charities. The leader of the foundation was a rich and old man who had a scar on his forehead. He formed this foundation to help people after an accident. The flock of members came from different backgrounds; the only thing in common was whey had a large fortune. Since they were pious followers of doing charities, there were strong ties of friendship among them. They described charities as water flowed forth forever like the fountain in front of the foundation. The foundation also held frequent activities during weekends. For example, they held a speech for the jobless men who felt frustrated in their lives, and distributed frozen food, fried potatoes, roasted chicken and desserts to them. After a few years, this foundation folded up. The government thought those rich people should go back to their jobs instead.
Essay 148. There was a gang of teenagers in town. They vandalized public facilities, indulged in illegal gambles, smuggled weapons and furs of protected animals and got illegal funds from furniture vendition. One day, the gang robbed a jewelry shop. They burned the store with a gallon of gasoline. They hid in a gap of the hills after the robbery. The gossip said that criminals were all at large. The police were under great pressure and people’s confidence in public safety kept decreasing. However, God helped them. One of the gang went to the town one day. A policeman glanced at him and recognized his identity instantly, then gave other policemen a gesture of arrest. Therefore, this robbery with global attention finished. The governor was very satisfied. He awarded the policeman with a symbolic gown. With the glory, his face glowed all over with pleasure.
Essay 149. After Paul graduated, he worked as a guardian in a greenhouse of the campus. His job was mainly to supervise everything in the greenhouse and guided students. Students had to work at the greenhouse under his guidance. There were many grasshoppers there, so he should prevent the students from hurting these insects. One day, during break time, Paul wanted to buy some gum. He grabbed the gum and several grams of grains in the grocery store. Then he went to the barbershop for the female hairdresser he liked. He walked along the hallway and entered the barbershop next to the gym. The gradual development between them didn’t make the lady grasp his meaning. She only knew Paul always appeared with a broad grin on his face. Paul invited her to come to his greenhouse and see the beautiful flowers. She agreed initially and then turned down for she was afraid of grasshoppers. That was a great disappointment for Paul!
Essay 150. This day, every newspaper’s headline reported a book written by a historian. The book was about a story as the following: There was a place with no harbors. In this place, hawks flew in the sky, and chicken hatched eggs regularly. Nothing was harmful in this place; everything was natural and healthful, which made the residents long-lived. They lived in a low pace, rather than a hasty pace. It was very peaceful. People would never hard each other. They were handy with farming and enjoyed great harvest every season. Although they were naked and ran barefoot on the ground, they wouldn’t hurt their strong heels. The headquarters of the well-known newspaper office inferred a conclusion from all hints in the book. That was what we called “the historic heaven” to heal humans’ hearts.
Essay 151. There was a humorous housekeeper whose job was to overcome kids’ fear. Since she loved kids very much, she thought it was an ideal job for her. She was honored with this job. One night, a kid ran into her room with screams and told her, “I saw horrible images in my room! I cannot sleep, I can’t!” She gave the kid an immediate hug and told him, “That was your imagination. Maybe you just saw a shadow of something. From historical time till the present, the holy God has been always with us to protect us, especially kids with ignorance and honesty like you. That is the God’s identity – our protector. If you see horrible images again next time, blow the horn I give you to wake up the God, and your horror will be gone.”
Essay 152. Let me tell you an impressive experience I’ve had before. I lived in an old inn which was located in an industrial area. The area mainly produced products and exported stuff to other countries to earn profits. Sometimes they imported other products instead. The safety there was inferior to red alert because there was so much illegal immigration. The police didn’t inform the inn and came to inspect inner rooms for illegal immigration one day. They checked everyone’s identity, such as individual ID or driver’s license to make sure everyone was innocent. Finally, the police found some illegal population indeed who were hiding indoors. They had been hiding in the indoor basement for several days. Luckily, no one got injured during the inspection. This experience impressed me by “Never live in a dangerous place just for saving money. You will possibly receive an injury or lose your life.”
Essay 153. The internal employees of the museum are under training by a supervisor. The supervisor is a retired inventor. One of the important instructions is to teach employees to distinguish fakes from genuine items, and investigate the origins of these historical items. For example, the color of the genuine ivory jar should be totally different from a fake one. The real one should be crystal like a white jelly. This ivory jar is the most valuable jewel of the museum’s collections. The supervisor made a clear introduction of the ivory jar yesterday. Everyone paid attention without interrupting him or making light of the speech. He made a joke saying, “The price of this ivory jar is much more expensive than a jet. Even the jewelry is jealous of the jar because of such an incredible price. So watch out. If you break the jar, you would be sent to jail. “Employees were so surprised that their jaws nearly dropped, instead of taking it for granted.
Essay 154. A writer was in the habit of keeping a journal by computer keyboard. His latest diary recorded a joyful journey in the jungle. There was a knight who was labeled as a man full of justice. He loved to help people in need. One day, he passed by the jungle. He saw a girl climbing the ladder up to pick fruits from a tree. After a few minutes, the girl climbed down and tried to lace up her shoes. He knelt down and tied her shoestrings with knots right away. He also sent the girl home. The girl lived in a hut which was surrounded by a lot of junk. The doors there were no knobs. The girl used a kettle to boil water for the knight. She said, “Thank you for what you have done for me today. I will knit you a sweater for free.” He shook his head with a smile. He enjoyed helping others rather than getting repayment from them.
Essay 155. Everyone has had lost face at least once in a lifetime. Sometimes you might burst into laughter because of some funny stories. Here are some stories to share with you. There was a lifeguard who lost his contact lens when he was saving a drowning person with a lifeboat. He sailed to boat until he found he was far away from the coast. There was also a librarian who liked to read and leap on the lawn during his leisure time. Luckily, he didn’t lose liberty to do this in his working time. However, he fell down once and broke his front teeth. Another story was about a woman who sent her leather bag to a laundry. The shopkeeper broke the bag and lied to her to lengthen time for her to take the bag back. But the woman was very liberal and told him, “I don’t care about the bag, but I don’t like liars. Do you want to confess or become a liar?” The shopkeeper said, “I choose the latter one,” Now you know how stupid he is.
Essay 156. There was a maid who was very sick and needed to change her liver. The doctor told her, “You cannot eat lobster or any seafood before the surgery. You have to wear loose linen on the surgery day. “Since she was in an urgent situation, the doctor used a loudspeaker to encourage people to help her despite his great loads. However, in the first month, most people came to the hospital to donate lungs or hearts. After a month, a healthy liver finally came and the girl’s surgery went well. Her mother extended her limbs to embrace her excitedly and gave her daughter a cartoon magnet and a lipstick as gifts. The girl loosened the knot of her surgery clothes and took the luggage to the lobby with her mother. They described the doctor as great as the Lord who saved people’s lives with magical skills.
Essay 157. A mayor owned a mall. The majority of products sold in the mall were marble products, such as marble statue, tomb, etc. The mayor was bad at mathematics. Therefore, he thought one person with good mathematical skill was like a marvelous gift from God. One of the major skills for him to hire employees was math ability. One day, the mayor tested an employee with mathematical questions when he marched on the meadow. The employee with bad manners thought the mayor’s behavior was not mature and was dissatisfied with the mayor’s management. The he complained to the manager. After that, the mayor told everyone. “What I am trying to do is a meaningful thing. Shape up or ship out.” He claimed that all mankind needed to know math because it was one of the requirements when seeking a job.
Essay 158. A merchant had a store for electronic products. The store was in the medium of Fifth Street which was between a medical center and a coffee shop. The medical center was especially for patients who had mental problems. The merchant had a big sale for microwaves. He asked his workers to memorize the instructions of the microwave, to promote microwaves with a microphone, and to encourage customers to apply for membership. He mentioned the microwave had received a medal for best design product. Since he spared no effort in his store, he always felt tired and needed a cup of coffee every morning with a melted sugar. Meanwhile, he also emphasized on the benefits of members. He said, “Join us, and we will mend your microwave for free for two years!” Finally, they sold a lot of microwaves. He even thought he might open another shop soon. The store was in a mess after the sale, but he cleaned it with a merry mood.
Essay 159. Peter worked as miner at the mill. One day, an insurrection happened in town. Those who had higher positions needed to go to the mill for a meeting about a mob bombed the mill with missiles. The mighty power of the missile killed almost all workers in the mill. Peter was very lucky. As a part-time worker, his position was minor and he worked outside the mill. He was one of the minorities who was still alive. The second day, Peter’s mission was to find missing remains in the mist. He felt sorry for the misery of those dead workers. He took all mobile stuff away to search for remains in a moist environment. The air was like a mixture of various kinds of smelly gases. The environment was very messy. Suddenly, a miracle happened. He found a strongbox with a large amount of money inside. Therefore, he became a millionaire.
Essay 160. Jimmy was a male nanny who used to be an officer in the native navy. He had big muscles and great power. One day, because of great moisture, he had a bad mood and started to mop the floor. On the second day, Jimmy came home from a motel. When he switched off the motor, a monk came and rang the bell to ask for some food. Jimmy gave him some mushrooms and the monk left. Then he took a nap while he was watching a musical program. After a while, the police came and asked Jimmy if he heard anything from the next door. Jimmy said, “No,” He knew there was a murder mystery happened last week in the neighborhood. The police were trying to find any possible clues. Actually Jimmy did hear some strange sounds last week. But he was scared and didn’t want to admit the truth. He felt so sorry because he was against the moral. Maybe you would ask, “Where’s the baby Jimmy is taking care of?” Oh, he was jobless at that time!
Essay 161. A famous novelist became a normal nun because of some odd things happened to her. She used to live in a place with noble figures in the neighborhood, but she always felt nervous and self-abased when running into them. Their unfriendly and arrogant attitude always got on her nerves. They cared about their images too much. Her brother had to wear a necktie even though he just went to a market to buy some necessities, let alone the important occasions. Now the nun has a very simple life in the cloister. She always observes people who come to the cloister and sometimes waters flowers and oaks. She is happy though there is no access to networks in the cloister. She has a lovely nickname “Cold Beauty”. The obvious intention for her to be a nun is to seclude herself from the noisy world. She really enjoys the lifestyle now.
Essay 162. An organization’s origin was built to help orphans suffering domestic violence. The main leader found his pal to work together, and the ownership belonged to both of them. The original purpose was to gather more money to help those kids. In the peacetime, operators were responsible for answering calls in purpose of donating money. One day, there came a great opportunity, a company wanted to cooperate with the organization. In this case, the foundation could have more money to help more orphans. During the weekends, they would take kids out to do some outdoor activities. They bought every kid an overcoat during winter so that kids won’t get sick outdoors. They told orphans not to be said about their backgrounds, but to think in an opposite way they ought to be optimistic. No one owed them, so they should stand on their own feet. They would step onto the top stage someday. This is the major outline of the organization.
Essay 163. We heard that Bali was like a paradise, so we participated in the trip to Bali. It was the first time we had gone abroad. We had to pay for the passport before we went to Bali. When we arrived at the airport in Bali, the tour guide full of great passion came to greet us immediately. He took us to the bus stop through a narrow passage. The hotel we lived in was like a palace. We had a maid to make pancakes and other yummy food for us every morning. Besides, everyone had a strongbox in the room to keep important and expensive things. The tour guide also taught us how to set password. The next day, we went to history museum. We saw the fossils of birds’ paws. The tour guide explained their history with patience and warned us of the slippery pavement. On the third day, we went to watch a parade. An insurrection happened out of prediction. People were all panic with pale faces. Thus, our trip had to pause for a few days.
Essay 164. There was a thief who peeped at a pilot’s house. The pilot’s house was located on the peak. The thief found that the pilot was not at home so he broke into the pilot’s house. The thief stole his pearls, some bottles of expensive pills, and even peas on the table. The pilot came home after a flight performance and he went to his backyard first. He saw pests on his pine tree, but he didn’t even have a penny to buy chemical to kill them. After he entered his house, he saw peeled peas being spread everywhere. He knew there must be something wrong. He found the thief and asked him “You broke into my house without my permission. How could you do this?” The thief tried to persuade him not to report to the police. “I was here to kill pests on the pine tree!” For the pilot’s naïve personality, he permitted the thief coming in to perform his mission and believed in his innocence.
Essay 165. A plumber wanted to drink a pint of beer during his day off. He took a beer out from the fridge. The bottle popped when he opened it. He watched TV, played with his pony, and drank beer at the same time. He saw political news about a politician in the South Pole. Over there, the garbage polluted the local rivers and lakes, so local residents tried to dig a pit to bury the garbage. It was not a good idea because of more and more serious pollution. The politician approved a proposal and got a promotion in the poll. The proposal was to encourage everyone to recycle. The recycle materials included plastic, iron, paper, and aluminum. After the news, the plumber heard the phone ringing and picked it up. That was an urgent case from a neighbor. A woman’s pipe was plugged by plenty of plums. The plumber pitied the anxious woman, so he turned off the TV and went out to help her.
Essay 166. Tom received an express delivery from his friend. He paid the postage and then opened it. It was a poster with a portrait on it. The portrait was painted by his favorite artist, a popular painter. The artist was supposed to have an art exhibition in the museum next week, yet it was postponed. Tom didn’t know it and made preparation to the museum. He was annoyed and the blood pressure when high when he found out. After he calmed down, he still decided to see the current exhibition of antique pottery and porcelain. Those antiques are very precious because they were found from ancient period. A portion of profits of the museum was donated to the orphanage. After the exhibition, Tom went home after buying soap powder. He was impressed by the donation of the museum. He thought it was a practical idea to help people in poverty. He described that helping people was like pouring water on flowers. Then he started to pray. He hoped his prayers would be answered.
Essay 167. An old priest was worried about that it was probable for him to pass away anytime because of the advanced age. He wanted to make a proposal for uniting his two companies. By doing this, his son could succeed to his property. His previous job was a factory owner. The primary products that the factory processed were canned food. He had got great profits from the business. Several years later, he bought another computer company. His son was a program director in there. He worked hard and was soon promoted. One time, he pretended to be very sick. He wanted to test his son if he was capable of succeeding to his business. He told his son, “You know I am very old now. To prevent from any unexpected accident, I need to leave all my money in a proper way for protection. Therefore, I have to put you to a proof. “His son didn’t let him down and showed exceptional competence.
Essay 168. Andy and Lowrance had a quarrel for a girl at a pub. This pub was ranked low due to the narrow space and high violence rate. Some people called the police. The police detected the location of the pub by a radar and come. Andy got punched down and was bleeding, but he soon got up and wiped blood with a rag. All eyes directed their rays on him. It was pure luck that he wore protective glasses, so his eyes were not injured. The reason of the quarrel was that they were pursuing a girl at the same time. However, the girl didn’t like Lowrance because of racial barriers. Lowrance saw the girl feeding Andy raisins and raw fish in the bar. Lowrance was so jealous and fought with him. The queer thing was that the girl already had a boyfriend. In the end, the police quoted the witnesses’ statements and took the three of them to the police station.
Essay 169. A man hurt himself by a razor. He regretted buying the razor. He bought it in the first place because the company was reliable. He picked up the receiver and dialed up. The operator who answered the phone reacted very coldly. She tried to release her from an obligation. He was mad because of her rude reaction. However, she didn’t think what the man said was reasonable. On the second day, he brought the receipt and went directly to the store. The manager came with a recorder. He wanted the man to relax first, but the man was eager to relate his trouble. Also, the recorder was playing a conversation happened last night. The man recognized the female operator’s voice. He knew she was the one who talked to him one the phone last night. The manager refunded the money to the man in order to reduce the possibility of being accused. They also promised to cover the medical expense until he recovered in a regional hospital.
Essay 170. I saw a journal yesterday. The journal reminded me of a report I once read in the newspaper. It said, “What is the democratic republic? First, people should be open-minded for everything. For example, various religions represent the democracy. People accept and respect other religious faith. Religion is very important. People believe that they can get relief from religions. Secondly, corrupt officials should be removed from the government. Therefore, people can trust and rely on the government. There are always many things needed to be done by the government. One representative example is that the country should govern the remote areas and renew the facilities.” After reading this journal, I went back to work. I remained in my office all afternoon. When I was ready to go home, I remembered that I have to pay my rent and asked my landlord to come over to repair the broken pipe today. Then I called the landlord and requested him to bring the replacement for it. What a busy day!
Essay 171. I once joined a riddle contest at school. I tied up my hair with a red ribbon and had a roast duck before I left home. On the way to school, I saw a young man robbing an old woman. The old woman’s action was restricted by her age, so she was unable to resist the robber. I thought it was my responsibility to help her. I ran forward to hit the man with my bag and roared at him. People heard and came to help us. The man got rid of the bag and then escaped away. The old woman thanked me for saving her life at risk of losing my own. She also praised me for my ripe attitude and great resource. We then went to the police station to reveal the man’s guilt. After responding all questions the policeman asked me, I was late for the contest. I sprang to the school. Luckily, the teacher reserved a seat for me. And what I had done evoked a response in school.
Essay 172. I had my romantic wedding party last week, but I heard a gunshot when I was walking on the rug. There was a robbery happening in the bank next to us. The robber wore a robe and a mask. The robber showed his gun and put all the money in a big sack. The locals complained about the rotten society. The bad economy and terrible welfare rotted human minds. Public security was no longer satisfactory. Due to this situation, I began to feel disappointed that my fighting skill was rusty. Practicing martial arts used to be my daily routine. I told my husband I was going to quit my job in order to study my skill and keep it from rust. My husband didn’t agree and had a rough reply at first, but soon he softened. He said, “Rumor has it that our country will sell our rockets for the sake of making money.” I yelled out, “Don’t try to change the topic, OK? How about seeing my rusty fight skill?” Now you see why he gave in.
Essay 173. I am a graduate student who has received scholarship every year. My dream is to be a well-known scientific scholar after graduation. I think the scientific scholars are high on the social scale. Therefore, I have a very busy life with a tight schedule every day. One day. I had some sausage and a scoop of ice cream for my breakfast, and also had some tea with my best cup and saucer. Then I dressed myself a scarf and went to school. As I passed by a cotton field, I suddenly burst out screaming because I saw a flock of birds attacking a scarecrow. The scarecrow looked scary. The farm owner went out to scatter the birds and scouted where their nests were. I told him not to catch the scarce species of sparrows, but to let them go. The farmer replied, “I’m reluctant to kill them. I just want to protect my savings on the fields. “I sighed and nodded, and then I went directly to school.
Essay 174. After being a mother, I understand that I have to be responsible for educating my kids. I always hug my kids to show my love. A hug is a seal of love. In my country, sex is a very sensitive issue, Asian parents seldom talk about sex with their kids. The correct way is to teach children sexual differences and characteristics. Tell them not to seize every opportunity to chase sexy girls only; ordinary girls are also attractive. That is the first thing I’ll teach them. The secondary thing is that I’ll teach my kids about personal security when we are in separation. For example, if you are stalked while you are alone, you should seek for help from others right away. The last thing is that I will teach them to share daily housework, such as scrubbing the kitchen, pulling down the shades during a sunny day, and sewing their own clothes. Every member is like a screw in the family. We should teach kids to be sensible of others’ needs.
Essay 175. One day, a shepherd had a date. Before he left the house, he washed his hair with shampoo, shortened his fringe, shaved his beard, and wore a shiny black leather jacket. He met the woman in the park. They chose to sit in a shady corner. Time went by shortly. After spending an entire day with each other, they found that they had a lot of similarities. Suddenly, a heavy rain spoiled their date while they sat in the shadow. He asked the woman, “Isn’t it a shame that the rain spoils our date? I have a good time with you anyhow.” The woman let out a sigh, looking directly at his shrunk sweater and said, “Truly. I have a good time with you. I’m not a shallow woman, but appearance is quite significant for me.” She signaled to leave, but the shepherd suddenly stopped her with a shovel, “What you care is not my look, but my fortune, right? I love to live with the sheep and soil, even without a woman!” He left, with the woman in amazement.
Essay 176. Alice and her friend went skating last month. They like skating on the smooth ice and they had a great time. Several days later, they planned to go skiing in the mountains. That day, they spent a few hours looking for the skiing place they had booked. However, the skyscraper blocked their view so that they couldn’t find the place. Finally, they arrived at the place. Her friend skipped along the road delightedly. Alice took a sip of her tea and then rolled up her sleeves. She was ready for the challenge. The road was so slippery that she bumped into a tree while she was skipping along the slope. The situation was embarrassing. Her solid skiing board was snapped into two. The tree was sliced off by the skiing board. She was sent to the hospital. Her friend thought this was a sin to have Alice injured. She apologized with sincere hearts and promised to be Alice’s slave to do everything for her until she recovered.
Essay 177. Susan didn’t know that she was dating with a married man. One day, they went to a spaghetti restaurant, which was very famous for its Italy spice. Unexpectedly, a woman came and slapped her across the face and spilt water over her skirt. The woman told her, “Don’t destroy my family!” and then spat on Susan’s food out of spite. They left shoulder to shoulder. Susan was somewhat shocked with the splash on her skirt. She didn’t mean to spoil other people’s marriage. She cried all night and felt a deep pang of sorrow after she went home. She told herself, “I will take revenge on the man someday.” On the second day, she got a sore throat and didn’t go to work. She spent the whole day spading in the garden and spinning in the room to distract her attention somehow. She knew there was no specific remedy for love, but the sky would clear up some time.
Essay 178. The staff needed to clean the stadium every night. They had to spray detergent in order to polish the ground and make it clean. One day, a spy squeezed stale orange juice and sprinkled it on the ground. A cheer leader was starving and went out to have dinner, but she fell down and sprained her ankle when passing the floor. She stared at the spy hid behind a statue, intending to stab the spy’s back. She knew the spy was the stepchild of her aunt. Since the spy didn’t have a stable career, he made money by gathering intelligence and rigging events. She pitied him and went on the steep slope to the stage, telling the spy she could offer him a steady job. The spy was shocked and moved. He didn’t know his new job was to clean the stadium for them.
Essay 179. I was a stubborn man who stuck to my dream and worked hard for my future. I was confident of my ability. My strength was that I was good at planning marketing strategies. Besides, I knew how to briefly structure my proposal to meet the needs of my clients. I just got promoted last month. By careful strategy, I negotiated a substantial pay rise. Once, on a stormy night, as the wind stirred the leaves, I was listening to the stereo my stepfather and stepmother bought me and eating toast. My fingers were sticky with jam. I stood on the stool and tried to find my stockings from the upper closet. I fell down and got stung by a nail. In the hospital, the doctor took the stiff nail out and gave me a stitch on my injured leg. My leisure time got stripped because of this accident. I thought I had better say working instead of idling away.
Essay 180. I worked as a superior at a studio. One day, after discussing about the work summary with workers in the studio, I went to the summit in the suburbs to enjoy the beautiful view. Suddenly, I saw a man looked very much depressed as if he wanted to jump down from the summit. I supposed that he wanted to commit suicide, so I suggested he calm down. He told me, “I have been suffering disappointment in love.” I told him, “There must be a girl who is suitable for you.” So he gave up. After saving his life, I spent the sum of $200 to buy some stuff at the market and then went back to the studio to work. I had to make sure of the substance of my speech tomorrow and my dress style. I thought it was a great idea to suck a lollipop and address a speech at the same time. The audience must be very impressed. However, I had to make sure that I had sufficient materials to share with them.
Essay 181. There was an insurrection happened. Although the possibility of a survival was rare, there was still one. During the survey, the survivor took a tablet and told the police what happened to him. He was surrounded by reporters and policemen. He sweated a lot and his feet were swollen. The police took what he said with suspicion; they suspected that the man was one of the rebels who stirred up the insurrection. He swore that he was not one of them. As the police were trying to find information form the computer system, he suddenly took a sword from the desk, turned off the switch and ran away. His movement was too swift for them to catch. Subsequently, the police posted posters which were tagged with his photo and name with tacks everywhere in order to arrest him. However, the man vanished for good, and never took part in any insurrection again.
Essay 182. A tailor’s technique was pretty good. His temper was quite tame. If a person tried to tease him, he would still give him a tender smile. However, the technology was outside his territory. He had great handicraft but knew nothing about 3C products. One day, he left the tap open to fill the bathtub with warm water before taking a shower. He found that the temperature of the air conditioner was very low. He called a temporary worker to come over and repair the technical problem. He was thankful for the worker, but the worker handed in a letter to him from the government. According to the letter’s text, he needed to pay 10,000 dollars for the tax of his property. Although he tended to handle with things calmly, he went bananas this time.
Essay 183. My life theory is to enjoy life as much as I can because it is too short. I am very tired of being an employee, with tight schedule but low pay. I live by the beach. I like to watch tortoise creeping on the ground after the high tide. The tidy beach provides a healthy and beautiful environment or else the life of the protected animals would be threatened. Sometimes I use timber to make the fire or to make furniture. When I am in great thirst, it’s not amazing for me to drink tons of beer. My friends and I would smoke tobacco and sew clothes with thread together, as if we were carefree children. We would tickle each other, cover each other’s eyes with a piece of tissue, toss balls by turns and tighten our feet together by groups to run a race. Adults warn me that this lifestyle would be a threat to my promising future. Who cares?
Essay 184. The current trend of the tourism was to travel in tropical countries. A traveler wrote a book to introduce his travel experiences all over the world. Especially, he liked to write his special experiences in the countries which were attractive to tourists. For example, in Guam, there was a story about a trader who transported goods in the harbor. One day, an evil guy trailed him. He was trembling when he felt something wrong. He went to the tribe near the harbor to ask for help. The stalker was so tricky that he ran into a restaurant and held a tray to pretend that he was a waiter. A troop passed by and saw the trader’s traces near the trash dump. They thought he was a thief, and then towed his vehicle away. How could one be so unlucky like him?
Essay 185. I was the younger twin of the two. I worked as a typewriter, while my sister worked as an English tutor during the weekends. She was a typical undergraduate student who had a part-time job to make extra allowance. She united common sense and vision. We lived together in perfect union. She had great interest in singing. One time she sang out of tune when she was in the bath tub. I asked her to stop singing because I could not stand the noise anymore. She tugged the shower curtain angrily and jumped out of the tub, the she tumbled over and twisted her ankle. I felt sorry and gathered dry twigs from the trunk for barbecue, with the intention to treat her. I also bought a bouquet of tulips for her. She was touched by my truthful apology and said, “Brothers and sisters should live together in unity. Right?” Finally, we came to reconciliation.
Essay 186. The vice-president was a victim of an accident that happened last month. He wore a bulletproof vest when he was in the car. A man who drove a van tried to shoot him with a gun. Luckily, he was safe and sound. I was upset when I saw this news. I described this accident as the evilest one in the universe. The vice-president was such an important leader who always proposed valuable policies. When the police came and found the vehicle, it was vacant and the gun also vanished. The vice-president was my university classmate. I went to the shop to choose the best vase from a variety of gifts. When I entered his ward, he showed me the verses he was writing. He said, “The style of verses varied from person to person, just like personality. You know me very well. I cannot put up with the political life anymore, but I won’t quit unless my aspiration is fulfilled. There are still various things for us to expect, right?” I really admired him.
Essay 187. On a Sunday morning, Peter was wandering at home. He was thinking about what he needed to buy with his wages. After a while, he decided to buy a wage as well as a jar of vitamin. He needed a wagon transport goods to town from his house and vitamin to keep his vision healthy. He waxed his wagon in the shop before he went home. In addition, he also bought a bundle of violets for his girlfriend on the way home. The sight was not visible because of the darkness and the heavy mist. Suddenly, a violent gang stopped him and tried to rob his money and the stuff he just bought. He forgot the high rate of violence his mother warned him. Luckily, a young man came and scared the gang away. Peter was touched by the warmth from the stranger. All of a sudden, he was wakened by loud volume. He realized it was a dream, wagging his head and said, “How vivid it was!”
Essay 188. Isabella was a wealthy girl. Her wealth was inherited from her family. Her family owned an international business of importing and exporting wheat, and a grand villa with a backyard filled with willows along the river bank. Sometimes, the spiders would weave webs on the tree. One day, Isabella went to clean weeds in the garden. Her friend whistled and asked her out to play together. Isabella agreed immediately and then went home very late. She got whipped by her father. Her father asked her if she had done anything wicked outside. She denied firmly. Her father told her, “Your sense of duty never weakened before. Now you have changed because you make wrong friends. It’s a shame to your ancestors!” Isabella could not help but weep and dashed to her room. She thought her background was not an honor but a great burden for her.
Essay 189. John was a youngster whom on one liked in town. People described his surroundings as a danger zone, and no one dared to approach him. He would yell at passers-by, wink at every woman on the street, and yawn in classes. One day, John had a car accident because he was driving and adjusting his trousers’ zipper at the same time. His left wrist was injured and bled a lot, but he wiped off the blood on his wrist and wrapped it with a bandage. John decided to go to the nearest hospital in town for an X-ray photography to see if any bone was broken. To his surprise, the nurse praised his wisdom in stopping the bleeding and treated him a full breakfast included sausages, bacons and egg-yolks. He was so touched that she was the only one who treated him so friendly in town, so he decided to spread his feelings all over the world.
Essay 190. My mother has been an accountant since twenty years ago. Her career seems smooth to me. However, she told me that she did not choose the accounting field at first. She was actually fascinated with abstract philosophy and struggled to acquire my grandfather’s acceptance, but my grandfather had no acquaintance with philosophy and could not adapt himself to my mother’s choice. He thought it was absolute nonsense to absorb such unrealistic knowledge. At that time, my grandfather was a successful real estate agent and owned several acres of land. He could not allow my mother to gamble her life on an attempt full of accidental things but no accuracy. He even threatened to abandon my mother if she did not get the academic degree in accounting. No wonder my mother accused that he was as stubborn as a mule. Finally, out of love, my mother agreed to accomplish the accounting degree which lived up to my grandfather’s expectation. Although my grandfather could not accompany her forever, his expectation would.
Essay 191. AIDS has been called the Black Death since the 20th century. It is a kind of disease that never happened to our ancestors. Nowadays, people are alert to every possible situation involving the infectious disease and will adjust their lifestyles to protect themselves against it. Scientists analyzed various factors and found out that people who drank too much alcohol were high-risk groups. However, analyses also show that many people do not pay aggressive attention to AIDS. Some governments do take actions on ambitious plans to terminate it, but there are still many countries do not make the admission that the problem needs solving immediately. We can see many admirable volunteers and amateurs devote much of their time to charitable agencies, trying very hard to diminish the spread of AIDS. Some of them have lost close family members or friends because of it. Admiration is not what they pursue; they amuse themselves by declaring that they are “the agents of AIDS’s ruin.”
Essay 192. Our school’s annual anniversary is coming next month. On that day, a traditional drama contest will be held on the platform under the arch of the gymnasium. Our teacher appoints the whole class to prepare for it. We get her approval to perform a comedy about military life. Since I am the leader of the class, I am also the applicant to file an application to borrow some appliances and toy arms from the student affair office. Although we have a month to practice, we are all very anxious for lack of acting experience. To ease our anxiety, our teacher asks her tailor friend to make appropriate costumes for us. We have deep appreciation for her kindness. As time goes by, the contest is approaching. We practice every day until the sun arises. On the day before the contest, the fellow worker of our school came to apologize for accidentally sprinkling red paint on our costumes. We were very shocked at first, but soon we accepted his apology. Now we have to withdraw from the contest.
Essay 193. As a journalist, writing articles is easy according to the four steps as follows. Firstly, make sure that you do understand the main theme assigned to you. No matter what it is about, such as an artistic exhibition, assembly election or an athletic event, you should associate it with current social trends to make your article more copious. Secondly, try to list some associations with the main theme. Remember to arouse your curiosity to assemble as much information as possible regarding every aspect of the main theme. Thirdly, avoid artificial writing manner by assuming that your readers like it. You should give assurance that you should write based on the reality. Finally and the most importantly, get assistance from your colleagues and supervisors. Don’t be ashamed of asking stupid questions. If you could follow the steps mentioned above, I can assure you that your journalist career is on the right way to prosperity.
Essay 194. I want to read the biography of a businessman for you. He was a legend in his own time since he had gone bankrupt and eventually gained his fortune back when he grew bald. He always said, “Opportunity awaits all men.” His behavior and attitude gave him the power to get rid of any barrier. He was born to bargain with people over the price. In his teens, he earned the first bucket of gold by selling backpacks and basins. Then he invested all his money in a friend’s battery factory. It brought him the second bucket of gold in his twenties. However, the war came. Under the atmosphere of depression, he almost lost all of his fortune. The next year, the authorities confiscated his friend’s battery factory and he was forced to attach himself to the army. After the war, he met a beautiful ballet dancer. There was a special attraction between them so they got married soon. He restarted his business by making ATMs and successfully became rich again.
Essay 195. My husband is a biology professor. He has written some studies on how the blend of peach trees and other plants affects its blooms and breeds. We first met at one of my colleagues’ wedding party about ten years ago. He was the bridegroom’s best friend. We sat next to each other and started to chat naturally. It was a coincidence that he gave an article of china. Then he asked me to dance with a blushed face while a man at our table was boasting of his brutal attacks in the military life. Our first dance created a very special bond between us, and we danced all night. I secretly calculated how many songs we had danced like a calculator. He praised my graceful bounce. One year later, after some calculation, we decided to get married with all our family and friends’ blessing. They even put our wedding notice on the local news bulletin!
Essay 196. The campaign season is coming again by the end of this year. All candidates have already started their propaganda recently. We can see mobile loudspeakers everywhere playing CD of songs and messages that seems to never cease. They all want to get a seat in the upper chamber, Senate. During the season, each one of them tries very hard to set up a distinguishing characteristic from others. One man’s image is a superman with a red cape. His chief opinion is welfare capitalism. Another man’s championship of women’s rights is well known. He joins several charities concerning women. Yet another man’s image is carrier with heavy cargo on his back. He began his career as a blue-collar worker, and now he devotes himself to protecting labors’ rights. He has a great capacity for carving. Anyhow, it is very obvious that they have at least one thing in common: they all want to join the party in celebration of winning the election.
Essay 197. The cinema has become an enormous business today. Movies all over the world are easily circulation to other countries. Some movies have a circulation of more than tens of million worldwide. We all enjoy the feelings when the audiences applaud in chorus at the movie’s climax. With the innovative technology, it is not hard to experience historical events in humans’ civilization through movies. For example, we can see how humans suffer before we have researched the chemistry to develop new medicine. We may cherish the dream of a world without wars, since we have seen too many scenes in movies of people dying in terrible circumstances during wars. There are action movies with cliff – hanging plots of cars clashing together or explosions causing buildings to collapse. Watching movies give us time to thing issues like using genetic codes to reproduce lives. No man can clarify the meaning of movies, but we have our reasons to love them. Of course, there are also many clumsy and coarse movies that only get the name of disaster.
Essay 198. I love the annual festival held on New Year’s Eve in our community. We started to celebrate every peaceful year since five years ago when we noticed that several inhabitants are musicians. We have a composer, a pianist and a commander of an orchestra. To enlarge the festival this year, the household management committee committed most of the budget to it. We plan to perform a musical comedy and hold a competitive auction for charity. The composer is responsible for composing songs for the comedy. His compositions are always touching and can cheer people. What complicate matters is that the leader of our committee invites the community next to us to join the comedy competition. So there are other competitors in the festival. The combination of these programs makes it so fascinating, and even one of my friends commented that the festival is at international level. Through the festival, communication between the neighboring companions becomes easier. It gives us chances to have much commerce with neighbors.
Essay 199. I love playing piano and often confine myself in the room to polish my piano skill. That evening, after the conference of congress, there would be a concert. As the conductor of the piano performance, I must confess that I was very nervous and my mind was in total confusion. I told myself that concentration was the most important thing, so I concentrated and waved the baton with the music. At first I was very conservation, but as the performance went on, the concept of music in my mind was activated, and I forgot all other concrete things around me and regained my confidence in the music. The stuff of the band matched me very well. When the show was over, people were excited and the consequent applause resounded through the theatre. It was obvious that the audiences were conquered by our performance. As a consequence, the piano performance was the most popular show that night. My friends came to congratulate me on my successful performance. This was the most wonderful night in my life.
Essay 200. It is impossible to satisfy all consumers. They are like various shapes of containers that no one can fully fill. Advices from business consultants point out that anyone who wants to own a store should decide the style first, and then the contents of the selling items. Try to build up the store’s constitution. Second, do not remain consistent in one opinion. The thought at the beginning constitutes the core of the business, and it may take several months or even years to construct the foundation. Success consists in catching up with the latest trends. That’s why many well-known stores would be regular under construction over a certain period of time. It is an everlasting contest. Excellent stores usually have over sixty percent customers walking out with a smile of contentment. If less than sixty percent customers are content with the store, that means there is a lot of space for improvement. Listening to constructive suggestions from successful store owners, and it is much better to consult experienced people than consume most of the time trying.
Essay 201. We conversed for hours on the phone. He tried hard to convey his beliefs and convince me of his innocence. He said that he really gave all the money from the charitable convention to the relief fund. The cooperation between him and the advertising agency was based on the conventional way that he represented the spokesman only. The continual contributions donated by the public are the continuous support for the poor. I know that he thought I was not easy to get along with. On the contrary, I am a kind person. Maybe I don’t know the reality in social contexts, but I always fight against every injustice. I carefully observed his actions in contrast with his images. And I found out that he did contribute much money to several charities for the past ten years. However, the money stopped since he started to cooperate with the advertising agency this year. I doubted there would be something dirty between their cooperative relations, like he provided convenience for the agency or so.
Essay 202. Last Sunday we went to an exhibition of modern art that had been praised by the New York critics. The artist just returned from abroad, and he has specialized in crack craft over twenty years. His art has reached a peak of creativity since five years ago. He stands out for his incredible versatility. He has published more than 10 books including photo collections and modern art criticism. He even costumed a contemporary play last year. Lots of his creations were displayed around the showroom. We saw a cottage bound with many strong cords. It represents that the middle classes counter the expensive housing prices with firm silence. The artist thinks it’s hard to criticize one’s own work so he is open-minded and welcomes the public’s critical analyses. I admire his courageous attitude to cope with vicious remarks. Next month, the art gallery will hold a council to discuss the artist’s application to become one of the resident artists. I am sure that the art gallery will approve if for he corresponds to one of the great artists of nowadays.
Essay 203. The deadline for making an application for the lantern exhibition is next Friday. Many decorations have been putting up around the park. Several pathways and curves are now planted with a lot of flowers. It is declared that the delicate design of the main lantern was made by cunning workmen. However, the main lantern is now surrounded by defensive curtains. People are looking forward to satisfying their curiosity, but the defense is tight that the definite design will remain unknown until the last minute. The city hall even hires guards to defend the main lantern since last week. There was a crush in the park in the grand opening evening last year. Many people complained that they could not get into the park. This year, the mayor has guaranteed that no citizen’s hope will be defeated. Several measures will be taken to decrease the amount of people rushing into the park and to cushion the state of chaos. Every citizen is expected to enjoy the delights of the lantern exhibition.
Essay 204. “Success is dependent on your efforts and ability.” The main character in this play can best interpret this saying. It is a story about a desperate detective who eventually demonstrates that he is a man of determination. At the beginning of this play, the death of the main character’s lover depresses him. He thinks that the fate causes destruction to everything he deserves. It is not fair for an upright man like him to suffer so much. Being unable to fight his way through dense fog of such outcome, he decides to depart for another city. Despite this trip cannot bring him out of his depression, he rejects to surrender himself to the misfortune. In another city, the new environment represents a complete departure from his previous belief. Then in the final plot, he takes part in a demonstration to demand the government for the freedom of speech. In the end, he lives a delightful life, since he finally finds his own destination rather than indulges in the grief.
Essay 205. My uncle is a diplomat with two daughters. They have been living abroad for more than ten years. My order cousin just gained a diploma in Music last year. It takes years of discipline to become a pianist. She wants to devote herself to music teaching all her life. She once said that she had digested most of the important skills in playing piano. However, her first concert ended in disaster. The unfavorable memory of it was a great discouragement to her. During that period, she always hid her sadness with a disguise of happy smile. She tried to maintain her dignity in front of the students, but her lack of confidence was a disadvantage in teaching. Fortunately, she found a way to disconnect herself from depression and is getting better today. My younger cousin is interested in electronic devices. Her taste differs from her sister since childhood. She has a good digestion in scientific subjects and the robot she devised in college ever won the annual science prize. Both of them have enough diligence to fulfill their dreams.
Essay 206. Ted is a distinguished archaeologist and one of the dominant professors of archaeology department in this college. He can distinguish distinct characteristics between genuine antiques and reproductions. He divorced his wife five years ago and now he lives in the college dormitory in campus. His room is often in disorder for he spends most of his time studying. He studies the distribution of human ancestors’ living districts. The living traces are widely distributed over our planet, so we should not dismiss the idea of going to see them by ourselves. In classes he always says that “How can you divine the truth by mere guesswork?” His ex-wife used to dispute about such issues with him because she desired to dominate over him. He could not bear that she disturbed his studies again and again. No wonder their marriage ended in the tired plot that one can easily download from the Internet.
Essay 207. I enjoy watching DVDs at home in the weekends, especially in the summer. When the town becomes very dusty, I would turn the electric fan on and make a draft. I am not the kind of person who would spend several hours dyeing hairs with colors. Instead, I dreaded to do anything alone, so I need to have my home movie theater by my side. Although I am not an economist, it is really an economical entertainment to become dynamic again. I’m not interested in economics, so economic reasons are not my main concern. I care about the amusement I can enjoy whenever I drift around and find everything boring. Every time I put on the earphones, I have lots of drill in listening. My favorites are dynasty sitcoms. I think I can maintain a durable friendship with my home movie theater. I’m not joking. I’m in earnest.
Essay 208. The association of the American electronics industry hosted a party at the American embassy in Paris last Sunday night. The elementary theme of the party was the contradiction among economy, efficiency, and the environment. All the press had received an e-mail about it in advance. Several important leaders of the business empires in both America and France were present at the party. The atmosphere there was elegant with the background of emotional music. You could not find any occasion like this elsewhere. Suddenly, all the lights were turned off and the ambassador was in embarrassment and didn’t know what to do. The emcee was an elastic man and he guided everyone to put emphasis on the night sky. At that moment, the moon emerged from behind a cloud dramatically. Soon he successfully eliminated the disturbances among the crowd. Then he sent for an electrician. About twenty minutes later, all the lights were turned on once again.
Essay 209. The shopping mall was enclosed by fences since last month. It was said that they were about to enlarge the size of it and transformed it into an enormous entertainment center. There would also be many new escalators to carry customers. Several critics said the new building would usher in a new era for the city. The idea was greeted with great enthusiasm in the beginning. People were envious of the inhabitants in the neighborhood. However, the construction encountered some complaints recently. Schools nearby cannot endure the noise of those engineering equipment anymore. They requested to enforce the rule to control the noise or it would harm their teaching quality. Besides that, the construction also endangered some animals around the area. Therefore, they requested community services from the mall’s owner as compensation. The spokesman of the mall replied that the owner would give financial supports to these schools instead of running errands for them. Money is always the way for businessmen to solve problems, but it always lacks equality.
Essay 210. For the job fair two months after the Chinese New Year’s Eve, job applicants have been taking various kinds of exams in increase their niches in the job markets. The essential part of a good resume is not how you exaggerate your abilities or how brilliantly you exhibit your academic performance, but how your past experiences were evaluated in the form of such certificates as TOEIC, recommendation letters, or computer literacy. Even the privileged is no exception. It is evident that examiners in the job interview are more interested in how the examinee establishes bonds with his or her former colleagues or employers with reliable evidence. They do not expect resumes they receive to be a good essay, but an eventual evaluation of a promising candidate’s past records. Therefore, they tend to ask sharp questions that might intimidate or exhaust examinees. However, the more questions they ask, the more likely they are to be interested in you. I estimate that an interview over half an hour might indicate a successful job hunting.
Essay 211. The premiere of the 3D movie Avatar in was an explosion of the film history. It is really a fantastic movie and has got a good fame all over the world. The story expands with human’s exploring of the planet Pandora. The technology in future has developed to such a large extent that we have the power to extend our living space to other planets in the universe. Avatar is the most successful exposure of 3D technology in the movie. This experimental attempt is explosive and has attracted many faithful fans towards the film. The facial advantage and acting facility of the actors are also explanations of its success. And the most important thing is that the film has exposed the endless lust of human beings’. And what the movie tries to tell us is that we humans should control our expansion of lust.
Essay 212. Have you ever longed for traveling to Disneyland, a theme park full of memory of childhood and dreams? As a dream world fertile with cartoon characters such as Donald Duck or Snow White, it is a place even adults would flee into when they suffer from financial or love problems in reality. Favorable to people of all ages, Disneyland often holds a feast with a warm atmosphere, making everyone cheerful with a fierce-looking but kind-hearted Lion King dancing around them. You can fetch anything you have read in the fictions, see how girls flatter the prince in Cinderella, and take a ferry along the river to visit every place which only exists in the world of fantasy. Don’t consider it childish; it’s fatal to bid farewell to dreams. If you just worry about your finance by the fireplace and curse the sound of firecrackers outside, you will become a dull person. Why not make your life more colorful?
Essay 213. Three Cups of Tea is a biography featuring an American mountaineer named Greg Mortenson, the founder of Pakistan schools and the leader of the foundation, Central Asia Institute. As Talibans forbid girls to receive education, Muslim girls do not have chances to know what a fossil looks like, how fragrant the tea might be with milk foam and how weather can be forecasted with modern technology. After a promise to the Korphe villagers, Mortenson doesn’t flunk his exam in Pakistan. Instead, he tries to raise money for education in Pakistan. To him, there is no formula of success. His sincere, flexible and easy-going traits make it fortunate for him to travel safely in war-ridden Pakistan. The formation of CAI helps build bonds between the US and Muslims in Paksitan. Jahan, one of the best female students in Korphe, is fluent in Arabic and English and hopes to be a doctor. With the final fragrance of Mortenson’s generosity, Korphe would never be flushed down in the currents of history but be a permanent fort for all the villagers.
Essay 214. As a freshman of Arts major, the first field trip to the art gallery Take Modern does fulfill my thirst for modern arts. Furnished with modern sculptures and stylish sofas, the museum is a good start for avant-garde artists who enjoy symbolism and impressionism. Instead of displaying traditional paintings with frames, it contains works of arts that some might frown at, such as paintings of imagery that we might feel frustration like being in the frost, and even the portraits of people in simple black and white colors in the funerals. What fuels behind there artworks are their passion for life, frequency of experimenting on skills and ideas, and the fundamental training in school. After the trip, I find myself less eager to show off myself. Compared to them, I am like a turtle on the freeway. Now even a boring class of art history might be functional in my later creation! Furthermore, it might teach me how to tell positive comments from the negative ones before I turn furious if my artworks are rejected.
Essay 215. My grandfather was a genius in Chinese medicine. With generosity and love, he had given much help to the poor, such as cooking ginger soup for the fever patients or killing germs for their houses. He once saved a gangster who became his apprentice later. His clinic was not a gigantic one, but he was genuine and kind to his patients, you could hear laughing and giggling from his clinic now and then. But with time gliding by, my grandpa was becoming older and older. One day, he gazed at me and said: “The Chinese medicine science was handed down from generation to generation. It was like the gene of our family. And I know you are gifted in it. So I want you to inherit it and become a doctor to help people around the globe.” “But I’m not geared to be a doctor. My dream is to be a writer”, I said then I took a glimpse at him. He closed his eyes and didn’t say anything. I knew he must be very disappointed. That was the most regretful thing in my life.
Essay 216. Do you ever grieve over your GEPT writing grades? Do you ever feel grateful for passing the writing test? Most students find it hard to write in English because they seldom appropriately use grammar books. Although it is tedious to focus on the trivial grammatical points such as greetings or usages showing gratitude or grief in writing, a high quality grammar book is goods you need to have. A bad grammar book just digs you a grave for the test. You have to use not only graceful but correct words. Sipping grapefruit juice when you write, think about how to make your essay gracious to every reader. Also, what you write should be to the point. You shouldn’t write about your glorious history for topics like “A Bad Day.” You will have less and less time to practice your writing skill after graduation, let alone know how to write them with grace. What you should have in mind is leave out the greasy sentences and show the examiners that you really put efforts into your writing.
Essay 217. Need some refreshment after a harsh day? Why not take sip of ground and brewed coffee and listen to the sound of harmonica? All your hardship might be gone in a minute! Living in a busy life, modern people seldom halt when they are in haste. They rarely send cards in handwriting to friends because they have no time. They never enjoy the view of gulf outside their window on their business trip. They even feel guilty when they find piles of work after they take a honeymoon trip. As a result, their body, as their essential hardware, doesn’t come to be in harmony with their mind. Their sense of guilt towards slowing down pushes them to walk at a rapid pace. Their around-the-clock use of computers hardens their shoulders and limbs. Their habitual fast-movement causes aging of their bodies, creating serious health problems. Such a fast-paced life might seem to guarantee a promising life, but without health, how can you enjoy it? Try slowing down and not hasten yourself!

Essay 218. Tom and his wife went to Italy, his homeland, on their honeymoon. They enjoyed healthful mountain air when living in the suburbs. They thought it was a peaceful place, but it was not in fact. One day, when Tom was choosing fish hooks, and his wife was buying headphones in a nearby store, many military helicopters came into their horizon, which made many residents highly horrified, including a herd of cattle. Out of hatred of all enemy soldiers, local residents picked up their hoses, feeling hopeful that they will win the honorable war against intruders. After some hesitation, one of the residents began to speak, “how about playing host to welcome our visitors rather that fight with them?” Another one said, “You say that just because you know very well that we cannot win the helicopters by our hoses.” Their quarrel soon turned into a fight, and made the situation more complicated. Tom decided to take his wife away, but they were detained in the airport. That was the worst honeymoon in the world!
Essay 219. A growing number of housewives have been idle for the past six months. Some of them even leave their households to live in a hostel for they don’t want to cook. Such phenomenon may only be the tip of the iceberg. In the previous generation, women were responsible for all domestic affairs. For example, Mary was the idol of countless boys; however, she married to an ignorant man. Since then, she spent most of the time doing the housework. No matter in days with humidity, or when hurricane stroked, she did identical chores. “It is against common humanity.” Mary said. “A community policeman even asked me to show identification when I went shopping someday, because he could not identify who I am, partly because I barely go out. However, I have plenty of time reading the latest novel concerning hydrogen bomb terrorism by going out. My husband is just a couch potato, as the idiom says: “It’s a good job for ladies to be awakened that they are not maids!”
Essay 220. The museum is full of the most wonderful and imaginable illustrations by Lawrence. Lawrence’s father and mother immigrated when he was two. They are illegal immigrants. Lawrence illustrated his childhood by various paintings, including a painting that a child was playing an Imaginary piano on her mother’s knees, implying his love for music. Such paintings have an obvious impact on modern arts. A lot of painters have tried to imitate Lawrence’s style. As a result, many artists gradually lose their imaginative ways of painting leaving the audience a false impression that many art works are produced by imitation. Although that means Lawrence is a model artist, he doesn’t like being copied but wants to be unique. Apart from his indication in arts history, Lawrence also has an essential impact on the immigration policy. He stated to the minister of interior ministry that his case was not an isolated incident, but many people like him had to bear the burden of illegality. Thanks to him, the government loosened the restriction afterwards.
Essay 221. An infant’s skin is very sensitive, in other words, it can be easily infected. Parents should read informative books regarding children’s infection, in order to get more information – such as using what kind of ingredients to cure the disease during the initial stage. Although a post-industrialized country has a lot of hospitals, regular inspection of children’s health is unfortunately uncommon. Dr. Malvern, who has influential friends who serve as finance officials, said that as the annual rate of inflation rose, it was hard to inspire people to pay extra attention to their children’s health, which meant to send more money on it. Therefore, as government officials continued to maintain their innocence regarding the rise of insurance premium, Dr. Malvern decided to ask his patients to insert their comments in one survey. Due to the enthusiastic contribution of his patients, the input of the survey was mainly from them, and therefore influences the government to pay attention the problem. They believe their efforts will provide inspiration for many government officials with conscience.
Essay 222. John showed high intelligence from an early age. He interacted well with other intelligent children in the computer class. They had installed the new computer network recently, thanks to their instructor who gave them a one-week intensive course in computer science. “I intend to prevent them from being under intense pressure at my class,” said John’s computer teacher Andy. “However, John and other students are intellectual children. They seem to have an instinct for absorbing knowledge. Their quick responses intensify my motivation, so I decide to instruct them more things. Although I am getting old, I have no intention of retiring for they give me a nice challenge in my career life.” Nevertheless, John said “I hope Andy won’t feel insulted if I drop out of his class. As a result that the intensity of his computer class does not satisfy my need, I decide to register for insurance class”
Essay 223. The Internet is a wonderful invention. Whatever your native language is, the Internet can interpret the websites for you. People who have intermediate level of computer literacy can now chat with netizens around the globe without interruption. The intimate atmosphere of the social networking sites enhances the quality of interaction among those who involved in it. However, my daughter said that I was interfering whenever I said she was isolated by the virtual world. Such isolation from the social circle, for me, is not a worthwhile investment. For one thing, an investigation into the Internet addicts shows that children should not spend too much time on the Internet before their intonation patterns become mature, or they would lose the prime time to learn speaking. Therefore, I still invaded the Internet café in order to dissuade my daughter from spending too much time on it. I believe the invasion is a correct decision.
Essay 224. The beauty of the New England landscape was harmed as a result of tests on laboratory animals carried out by a junior doctor. Lately, the doctor hired many labors to ditch and let the animal remains flow into the river, which is one of New England’s most famous landmarks. It is not lawful to kill a pet animal, let alone abandoning them in the river. This incident caused people feel terribly itching around their knuckles after drinking the river water. Many PETA members were keen to help. A member said, “United States is lagging behind the rest of Europe to launch a campaign for protecting the environment.” Everyone knows the central part of a pencil is largely made of lead, just like the whole New England largely consists of those beautiful things. However, no one cares about the water pollution or landslide. People simply feel jealousy when they see other countries having a clean environment.
Essay 225. Mary is a brilliant lecturer who won a literary prize lately. She used to take out a loan to rent an apartment in a location near the library, so that she could read her favorite ancient Greek legends conveniently. She had worked at a leisurely pace, but she became busy after winning the prize. Everybody viewed her as a learned professor. Moreover, many schools started inviting her to give a lecture on Greek literature. Her class became increasingly crowded with students leaning forward to hear clearly what a woman of great learning would talk about. “Now I have found my limitations. I think all of them overestimate my ability, but I cannot admit it.” Mary said when taking out clothes from her locker. “I forgot to renew my driver’s license; besides, I have frequented a bar to drink liquor recently. I even wake up as soon as the sky lightened. I’m really under great pressure!”
Essay 226. Elizabeth is the boss of a company that manufactures cosmetics by using heaving machinery. She leads a life of luxury in Australia. She lives in a luxurious 30-room villa, with magnificent scenery. She usually wears heavy makeup, including suntan lotion, even in the lousy weather. She used to do low paid manual jobs when she was young, which caused her strong desire to get rich and be called “madam” respectfully. These years, she plans to move to the lunar surface, because she thinks it is a magnetic place and must create a lot of business opportunities. Although the logic behind her statements is often faulty, many users are still loyal to the brand name cosmetics, which show her remarkable achievement. A logical reason of this phenomenon might be that the customers’ loyalty results from their good experience.
Essay 227. Although Garcia is a mere dwarf, he runs the marathon within only three hours. He indeed performs his maximum potential, and shows no mercy to other competitors. Garcia’s father is a garage mechanic, who always works in a messy room. His working environment is really terrible, but he gladly enjoys it. One day, a microscope manufacturer arrived to inform Garcia that due to mechanical failure, his microscope sales dropped seriously. Therefore, measures needed to be taken to raise money. Then he said nothing, scribbled a note at the margin of a paper which read, “One day you’ll have the maturity to understand making money is not easy. This is a truly memorable day for the child. “Garcia just felt sympathy for him, and didn’t know what to do. Afterwards, Garcia, who inherited his father’s merits perseverance, winning the championship in numerous marathon competitions. In a memorial ceremony, Garcia said, “I finally know what the microscope salesperson said. I will sent the note back to him by a messenger, and show my great appreciation for him.”
Essay 228. I lead the Ministry of Agriculture, in other words, I am the Minister of Agriculture. I have felt miserable because I’ll reach the minimum age for retirement. After my thirty-year effort, I’ve reached a moderate degree of success. As I am always modest about my role in monitoring the government and avoiding banks making profits from farmers’ misfortunes. Some of my coworkers in a monthly meeting decide to erect a monument to proclaim my modesty. However, never misunderstand me. I have no intention to mislead the public that I have never incurred even mild criticism. I had. For example, I was criticized once because I encouraged parents to feed their children minerals to keep them out of mischief for a while. However, that was just an internet rumor. Someone who hated me made a wrested clip and published it on Youtube. I didn’t look into who he or she was; I just tried to do my best and made everyone believe me.
Essay 229. The police were investigating the mysterious deaths of children at the hospital. “I am done!” murmured George, hiding in a mountainous region. After becoming a suspected murderer, he shaved off his moustache; moreover, he lost his motivation to watch the MTV channel, his favorite pastime. He was now motivated solely by a thought to live without being arrested. His time was mostly spent in mowing the lawn to earn his own living. Although his identity was once doubted by the residents for they didn’t have mutual acquaintance, they soon forgot about it and never asked his nationality again. Namely, they lacked motivation to talk to each other now. George felt relief and swam in the muddy water of the lake as a ritual to bid farewell to his past. Since then, he could only talk meaningless things to himself, such as “20 is a multiple of 5.” He led a safe but boring life.
Essay 230. Nowadays numerous parents send their children to a nursery when at work. In spite of the fact that children can feel neglected or even have nightmares, they have no choice. Nevertheless, some parents might think of that as nonsense, and have no objections to leave their children for work. What they do is not for themselves but for the bread and butter for all the family members. If the salary of mere husband or wife is not enough, both of them have to leave their children. A priest who lives in obedience to the religious teachings said rearing an obedient child is like running a power plant using nuclear energy. In the beginning everything works well, however, failing to negotiate with the needy who cannot afford the charge might result in causing residents to sleep in the tent made of nylon under the moonlight. A plant needs continuous energy, while a child needs continuous care. Parents should not be nearsighted, and should avoid using nouns like “busyness” as an excuse.
Essay 231. It’s hard to give an objective opinion about the former US president, who likes the Berlin Symphony Orchestra, and goes to the opera regularly. His greatest achievement is that he successfully launches the UN rescue operation. However, he seems to make occasional offence when he talks in public. For example, his remarks are greatly offensive when it comes to healthcare budget; and therefore causes the Congress to continuingly oppose his ideas. Maybe the president is not good at making remarks, but he has really done something. The most important achievement during his term is the first successful launch of the space shuttle, which is now in orbit. If his oral language can be trained not to offend, there may be language can be trained not to offend, there may be fewer obstacles when he occupies the Oval Office. Though serving in the highest occupation in the world, he spends his rest of life under close observation in hospital. Further information about the controversial president can be obtained from his latest book.
Essay 232. It was impossible to predict the outcome of the election, a panel of experts said. In the end, Mr. Bush obtained an outstanding success, and became the master of the Oval Office, in spite that most people overlooked his existence. Few people knew that when Mr. Bush was a kid, he lived in Bermuda, where the pace of life was very slow. He struggled to overcome his shyness. He used to be overtaken by emotion and started to cry, and needed to relieve his great pressure by fresh oxygen. His condition did not improve until one day his father took him to a parachute jump. Young Bush was told, “You’ll have to jump now; otherwise you’ll not change.” This was like the opening paragraph of a new story for Bush. Since then, he stayed overnight quite often, pondering various kinds of questions. For example, is organic framing better for the environment? Should I start making plans to overthrow the government due to the fact that its performance was only a partial success? That was why he became distinct from others.
Essay 233. I’ve been in partnership with Kathy for five years. She takes a very passive role in the relationship. My father expects perfection of our business and sometimes imposes penalty on me. However, we want more participation in the decision-making. Recently, some peculiar things are going on. First is that a colleague with a forty percent stake gave up his permanent position. He took a great deal of persuasion to get us to accept. Second is that Kathy started to wear the perfume I bought for her, and invited me to a pasta restaurant near a beach. The beach was covered with pebbles. After the dinner, she proposed to take me for a ride. As soon as she put her foot on the accelerator pedal, she said, “Please read this letter, and then you will realize.” So I started to read carefully, even the participle. I found that she no longer wanted to be my business peer, because a significant percentage of her mind was occupied by me. Now, she is my domestic partner – my wife.
Essay 234. Trevor, who is a pianist and does fashion photography for Vogue magazine, is very persuasive when playing music. However, he has a pessimistic view of life. Partly because he studied philosophy at university, his thoughts were deeply influenced by Greek philosophers. The other reason is that he always has odd thoughts. He often argues philosophical problems with others. He thinks that homelessness is a popular phenomenon; therefore, there is nothing serious to see a homeless pickpocket who has committed the crime in the same pattern for several times. If one becomes astray, he would try everything he could do to make a living. Moreover, he even suggests adults who cannot satisfy their physical and emotional needs be pirates. He said, “Instead of being a physician or a pioneer in the field of research, I encourage people to explore the world. Nowadays, many people who have special training in physics, the physicist, fail to appreciate flower petals. We need to go back to be naïve and explore the world by ourselves.”
Essay 235. The house has been in the family’s possession since the 1500s. People living here always have a plentiful supply of food. And a porter ready to carry things for the family members all the time. They also hire different workers who possess different skills. Take me as an example, my work is polishing the silver accessories, a portable radio, and other furniture. Recently, the popularity of the Internet has soared, and our community was portrayed in a negative way on the web forums. Rumors have it that we are thinking of a plot to bomb the UN headquarters at 5 p.m. tomorrow night, planting poisonous mushrooms, and creating air pollution. I do not respond to their words, since I know people tend to have negative attitude toward the rich. Reading newspapers is preferable to surfing the Internet because of precise information and just comments. Even though it is easier to find the plural nouns by online dictionary, the accuracy of the Internet is lower than I originally predict.
Essay 236. Dr. Evans thanked Mary for coming to make the presentations during pregnancy. To make a productive presentation for a pregnant woman was not easy. However, Mary has been working for the preservation of the environment for a long time, it has become her routine job to encourage people to preserve our existing woodlands. Mary said, “We must teach people that prevention is better than cure. Human beings are the prime cause of pollution. We no longer live in a primitive society, and nobody have privileges to harm our environment.” However, what is the procedure for saving our earth? First, one needs to reduce the production of daily carbon emission. It takes determination to proceed with a sustainable life. One can ignore whether the word “in” is a preposition. Yet, no matter what profession one might be “in”, they should aware that nowadays environment protection is more important than privacy.
Essay 237. “It is essential to get good professional advice when suffering psychological problems,” said a prominent Russian scientist, whose name is John. As a prosperous professor of Psychology, John also claimed that doing a highly profitable business seems a promising start in one’s life. However, a proverb that goes “When poverty comes in the door, love flies out of the window” is not necessarily true. A business across the state may be prospering, however, the future prosperity of the business does not surely prompt you to be happy. Then when can you pronounce your success? John answered, “a promotion is not the correct pronunciation of success, neither is being able to afford expensive food riched in animal proteins. True success lies within the fact that not a single employee wants to stage a protest outside your company.” In other words, true success means being a good business man, and workers in your company respect you from the bottom of their heart.
Essay 238. John is a clinical psychologist whose first book was published in 1765. Since then, he has become an expert in the field of developmental psychology, and has received much publicity over the last few years. Now he is in England, where people have a long period of low rainfall, for the publication of his new book. The book publishers gave him a warm reception there. One night, as he slept on a bed with a quilt, he had a stranger dream. He dreamed of a rebel leader in a rage, quaking with fury. The rebel’s life was spent in the pursuit of pleasure, and he’s never done anything serious. The following quotation is taken from John. “Although it is not realistic to recall a dream and analyze it, I think the dream implies I will become a rebel someday.”
Essay 239. Annie’s only recreation is cooking. She often refers to a recipe for tomato soup since she cannot find a cook for reference. She does not have a teacher regarding cooking, yet practice makes perfect. She even reforms the soup with better ingredients. Her soup helps many refugees make a full recovery. There is general recognition that a tomato soup will refresh people radically. Therefore, many mothers recited a recipe for tomato soup, which can be seen as a strategy for pain reduction. In addition to serving as a pain killer, remember the bottles of tomato ketchup can be recycled. However, my mother’s refusal to recycle is a reflection of the old generation. I think we should reflect on the consequences of such behavior.
Essay 240. Student registration starts the first week in September. Many students have registered for English classes to improve their English ability. There seems to be many regulations in order to maintain the reputation of our school. During four years of studying, many students have made remarkable progress in terms of making representations about the art of rejection or making neutral remarks. Recently, one of my classmates crashed his car, and then was rescued by helicopter. He was injured seriously. His friends and relatives asked the doctor about his condition. The doctor said, “Because he was seriously injured, we cannot find a simple remedy. We have given him some medicine to relieve the pain first.” We are reluctant to believe this. A teenager who used to like playing the piano for relaxation, while now needs to learn how to walk by repetition. I think strict rules to regulate new drivers are needed.
Essay 241. Mary resigned from the government last week. Partly because a resolution was rejected by a two-thirds majority of the Congress. The resolution was about the research on the causes of cancer. Since then, restrictions on this research have become stricter. Only a few researchers who earned respectable income can afford the expense. Therefore, Mary decided to retire, and retreated to the mountains unless the issue resolved by negotiations. Nevertheless, the government wanted to retain control over this issue, thus inciting people’s resistance to accept the bill. As a result, more experts and researchers filed a letter of resignation. To solve the crisis, the government promised to restore the resolution, and be respectful of people’s will. The issue resembled the fire of democracy that had burned the government. Now cancer patients don’t have to make reservations to receive treatment.
Essay 242. There are roughly ten rural bus routes near my home. Therefore, I hear the rhymes and rhythms of buses every morning. I hope the authority could revise the bus routes, because the noise has ruined my life. I used to have a family reunion every weekend, but since a revolution in the metro system has taken place, plus the noise of the buses, my house becomes too noisy to have any reunion. I even have to sacrifice my wine-tasting party. If I cannot see a revision in bus routes or an improvement in the metro system, I guess I will take revenge on this revolutionary breakthrough. Just like the school has a system of rewards and punishments, I shall give our government some punishments. I will give up my salary or even my romance to file a petition against the horrible living environment.
Essay 243. Paul is a senior salesperson in a big company and an early settler in Australia. He gets great satisfaction from encouraging people to buy screwdrivers or satellite TVs. He scarcely ever leaves the career. However, recently he decided to take a trip to enjoy the scenery and watch seagulls in the suburbs. His father scolded him for upsetting his mother by making this decision, and thought of him as a shameful family member. Such criticism was quite severe, that is why he decided to find a shelter. That means to get his own place and be independent from his family. Before leaving, he used a shaver to scratch his father’s car, and then went to an exhibition of sculpture in California.
Essay 244. The prime minister announced an important shift in a shortsighted policy. Though it was a slight change of plan, however, it was of significance to change the entire policy slogan and would cost a great amount of extra expenditure. Another policy was to reduce smog on the camp site near the park which was mainly emitted from shuttle buses. Now the prime minister is on vacation, probably riding in the sledge, sleeping in the single sleigh bed, or drawing a sketch during his sightseeing. It’s hard for his behavior to be doubted regarding his sincerity to the country. However, the prime minister’s announcement was by far not a singular achievement, due to his signature was totally illegible. Officials can do nothing but shrug their shoulders and wait for the prime minister coming back.
Essay 245. John’s mother started sobbing and sneezing after she heard that John had dropped out of college in his sophomore year, and tried to open a souvenir shop. “This is like a solar eclipse happens suddenly in a bright sunny day.” said John’s mother in a sorrowful expression. Several months later, John was reported hurling his spear at one of his former professors’ district office after drinking a spicy vodka. What’s more, John’s discarded cigarette sparked a small brush fire, and burned down a software company. John’s mother thought John should go seeking spiritual guidance. “He is like a curious sparrow.” said John’s mother, who is selling headphone sockets and urges people to protect endangered species in her leisure time. “He should bring a towel and some spare clothes, the trying to enjoy the sea that sparkles in the sun.”
Essay 246. “John stroked the ball again within a minute to go.” said the sports reporter excitedly. John is a talented all-round sportsman, whose sportsmanship and style of play are refreshing. He likes spending his leisure time surfing the Internet and collecting submarine models. John’s father is a famous brain surgeon who has conducted countless successful surgery and stem cell researches. Therefore, he thinks that John is doing a low-status job. On the other hand, John’s mother, who is known as a stingy woman, tends to offer objective suggestions or sometimes splendid ideas, in order to strengthen John’s confidence to keep striving to be successful. Authors summarize John’s parents’ views in the introduction of John’s biography. It said, “John’s parents appeared deeply split on this issue regarding John’s success.”
Essay 247. John was a laboratory technician, who made a telescope that was the greatest technological advance of the 19th century. One night, after he just finished enjoying the performance by a symphony and prepared to go to the telegraph office, he saw a suspicious man tapped a girl alone on the street, and told her to shut up and surrender. Out of sympathy, John decided to do something. He examined his surroundings and hid behind a swaying tree first. Strangely, nobody nearby showed a sympathetic attitude toward the girl. Therefore, John decided to come up with a systematic approach to save the girl. At first, he drank the cough syrup, and then he felt shouting words with fewer syllables might be more helpful. So he just screamed like a girl. All of a sudden, a telegram reached him. It said that his beloved wife was about to labor. In the end, he abandoned that girl and rushed to the hospital.
Essay 248. We lived in terror of our father when he was drinking. His violent behavior terrified us. The doctor said he was in need of a thorough mental remedy. Besides, the doctor suggested we show no tolerance towards his behavior. My mother had a tough life, and I was a timid child. My father’s behavior was not tolerable despite being in a tolerant society. It was tiresome to live with a family member who has a tendency to perform violent behavior. Now, in order to be less tense, I decide to move out and live with Paul, who is a very thoughtful friend. When being with him, I fell no tension. He recommends me to read a book, in which the theme is the conflict between love and duty. I get a lot of help from him. Most importantly, I don’t have to tolerate my father anymore. I think I will never meet him again until the day he lives in the family tomb.

Essay 249. A tragedy struck a family when their two-year-old son was killed in an accident. John, a translator, was to blame for the tragic accident. He was making a tremendous effort to appear calm afterward. However, he still got caught and his life was transformed ever since. In jail, he was asked to finish a new transformed of the Bible. It could have been a great career triumph for him. Yet due to John was a slow typist, he failed to finish it in time. One day, the judge said, “You’ll be transferred to a wooden house on the mountain under our watch. We need someone to translate tribal texts into English.” Over there at nights, starts were twinkling beautifully in the sky. John was happy to get rid of the troublesome jail, but he started to fall into an emotional tug-of-war. He wondered whether he should face his guilt or hide from it. In the end, John said, “I decide that instead of taking public transportation, I want to take underpass to avoid public judgement. “Clearly, he chose to hide.
Essay 250. Unemployment rate in urban areas has risen very high recently, therefore, John urges that an urgent public voting should be held by December. “Regimes that fail to protect working rights indirectly violate human rights.” said John, “There’s a verb to describe such regime’s activity – lie.” Although John studied physics at university, he is a unique politician. For example, he published a book on modern language usage in Congress, and uploaded embarrassing videos of other congressmen. He often said, “For universal interest, politicians should donate vast amounts of money to prevent our efforts in green energy from being in vain. Besides, we should encourage our youngsters to become a vegetarian, including drinking vinegar. Also, fishing vessels should stop illegal hunting.”
Essay 251. A virgin is not only a word with two vowels, but has often been used as symbols of virtue. Such an idea is vital to Chinese culture, while it sometimes seems a violation to female dignity. However, the idea was like a virus that spreads very quickly. As a result, volunteers from a voluntary organization providing help for women has started their campaign to dissuade people from overemphasizing visual images of women. As for me, after a voyage from England to India, and witnessing a volcano eruption in Iceland, I decided not to spend my leisure time on coffee and my favorite walnut cakes, but to explore more life experiences.
Essay 252. “It is alcohol that wrecks her life,” said one witness to the car accident, “the driver appeared to be very much drunk.” Not only did the driver break her leg, but needed to undertake a surgery. It also forced the driver to withdraw from a yogurt – eating competition, and has to be examined on a yearly basis. A website updated weekly showed the driver’s youthful appearance. She was very pretty but now she has a mass of wrinkles on her face due to the alcohol. “Everybody thinks of me as a witch,” said the driver, who used to contribute her leisure time to children’s welfare. Besides, her sharp wit used to make orphans all like her. However, all of those were ruined because of her drinking problem.