4000 Vocabulary
Essay 1. Rebecca was a beautiful and popular actress. She was able to date with three different actors in one afternoon. She considered it a common place in adults’ world, so she’s not afraid of men’s fight out of jealousy. One day, Rebecca drove her car across the fast traffic lane against the traffic rules. She bumped into the media island and was severely injured, so she could not act completely. All of her lovers ran straight to the hospital after they heard about it. The action of anesthetic tranced her for several hours. When she woke up and looked above, only the nurse was adding water to her glass. She asked whether her boyfriend had come or not. You mean your boyfriends? They had a quarrel when knowing you have different addresses. Then they left you alone out of anger. Rebecca felt regretted and decided not to do that again.
Essay 2. Almost all teenagers agree that it’s embarrassing to admit being alone when you are above a specific age. If one already has the love experiences, it seems easy for him/her to have a new relationship; however, if not, maybe he/she will always keep single. Jimmy was also in such a situation. Three years ago, he worked in the airport and encountered a nice girl whose name was Lisa. Every time the airplane she went aboard took off, Jimmy would run along and waved her goodbye. Lisa knew very well that Jimmy really had a crush on her. One day, Lisa sent him an airmail letter and said she was married, so it’s not allowed to keep contact with him. He dashed to the airport ahead of time, looking in the air. Lisa did not show up in the end. Her firm attitude was quite cruel for Jimmy, which made him lose the courage to chase girls in the after years. Now Jimmy is thirty years old. He dares not to admit he’s still a bachelor.
Essay 3. In the army, Alex was the smallest among his comrades. He looked like an ant in front of the tallest person, who’s like an ape. Therefore, he avoided making any of them angry and appeared very obedient, just like a tame animal people breed in the cage. In April, a game of physical fitness was going to be held. Alex was very anxious about that. He knew he was too weak to stand the physical training, and if he fainted or got hurt, people would laugh at him. He could even imagine a worse situation that people would bully him more impudently than before. He didn’t want the nightmare to come true, but the solutions he thought of were not feasible. Finally, he found another solution. At that day, the commander went to wake him up. My right arm got hurt. The doctor said it needs three days to recover. Alex answered, pretending that his arm hurt greatly. OK. Then you have to patrol in the night around the area. Alex stared at him in anger but had no choice.
Essay 4. Three of my single aunts form a rock band, Naughty Bananas, because they like this fruit. Although I call them auntie, they are not middle-aged women but young ladies whose average age is twenty five. They all work in the banks, so they could get off duty very early. Without husbands and babies, they are also freer than women at the same age, so there is plenty of time for their band practice. One of them plays bass, while the other two are guitarist and vocal. The vocal sometimes plays keyboard. The songs they perform are mostly composed by themselves, including various music styles. As the bad economy results in high unemployment rate, art seems an inspiration for people. The band was asked to hold a concert in August. It was a pity that one member was away and would get back in autumn. I prepared balloons, bags and colorful balls to root for them. My aunts were like two superstars on the stage, and their encore climaxed the concert. That was indeed a funny experience!
Essay 5. According to the police, the deceiver was a beautiful girl, who always targeted baseball or basketball players. There were two basic tricks of her. One was pretending to be a barber, asking them to take a hot bath in her newly-built bathroom and charged a lot. The victims had to ransom their clothes in the locked basket, or they had to go home with naked bodies. Even though one had the cheek to walk out of the bathroom, she would scream loudly and accused him of exhibitionism until he paid. Since those baseball and basketball players were notables, their reputation was much more important than money. Another was inviting them to the bar or beach. She would wear few clothes, and some bears would lose control beside such a sexy beauty and contribute their fortune. However, no one could avoid his wet shoes if he always walked along the riverside. Based on the information, a policeman beat her bodyguard with a bat and took her to bathe herself in the jail.
Essay 6. The matched couple decided to divorce. They thought it would be the best way to solve the problem between them because they didn’t believe each other anymore. Since their marital life began, it had been a long time for them to sleep on different beds. The husband became as busy as a bee, so he thought sleeping apart was better for his wife. He would no longer wake her up when he jumped into bed at midnight. However, the wife became suspicious for he wasn’t always beside her. She thought his heart didn’t belong to her anymore. Consequently, she went out before him and drove behind his car until he arrived at expenses below five hundred yuan per month, so he could not afford any date with another woman. Even a big meal with a client was not affordable for him. When the husband complained about his wife’s limitation, she said she was just an economical housewife. On the weekends, she rode a bicycle without a bell and traced him wherever he went. Finally, doubt ruined their true love.
Essay 7. Someone born into an aristocratic family will receive all the advantages of birth. But not everyone has blue blood and the ability to blow money on fancy cars, tailor-made clothes and private boats. Most of us work our fingers to the bone to get a better life and struggle against financial difficulties. When the career bites the dust, the wages are barely enough to keep body and soul together, job and girlfriend are both lost, life is all in black despair, it is time to take a look at the problems. Is it lack of knowledge? Buy some books to read. Are there anything blocks the way? Take care of them and get rid of them. Health is not in good condition? Eat a bowl of cereal every morning. Being late all the time? Get up early in the morning like an early bird. Facing the facts is one step closer to make big money. As an ordinary person, you do not inherit a fortune from parents, but you can make a fortune on your own. Maybe it’s a long and suffering period, but you will be extremely excited to see the fruits.
Essay 8. They are all around us. They usually have breakfast at expensive coffee shop and never take the bus or subway; taxi is the first choice of transportation for them. These kinds of girls are of slim figure with short, brown hair, looking beautiful and bright. After sitting in a nice office building all day, these gold-diggers start their job at fancy restaurants and night clubs. Gold-diggers are busy with dating the rich guys in the city. Dating with the rich and famous men is gold-diggers bread and butter. At the party, there are always guys trying to please them, because they are so attractive, even your father and brother are obsessed with them. Especially the wealthy engineers, who deal with the computer bugs all day, the beauty and passion of gold-diggers are hard to resist for them. Any brave young boy who tries to build bridges with them with a box of chocolate had better bring enough cash; otherwise gold-diggers will break up with you the next day.
Essay 9. How to date a super model without going bankrupt? Playboys have some tricks. Dating a model is a piece of cake for them. A playboy doesn’t need to be a billionaire or a movie star, but at least can spend some money on buying a nice car and stylish outfits. At the party, they are social butterflies. They know what they want, and prowl around like a caged animal. Playboys aren’t afraid of dressing camp clothes at the party. To be outstanding is their principle. A cool cap or a camel overcoat are both good choices. They act before careful consideration and observation. While picking up girls, showing funny photos in the camera usually works. Most importantly, they make phone calls and butter girls up before going any further. They also carry cards for girls to show their care on special days. No girl can resist such gentle behavior. It can be so easy – it is like taking candy from a baby.
Essay 10. Having fair skin and skinny body is the dream for most girls. They do whatever they can to achieve this goal. However, there’s a good case for stop doing this – The chance of turning tan skin to fair skin is less than five percent. In addition, it is certain to cause skin a brown color under sunshine, no matter how much sunscreen is applied. When men chase a chick, they are attracted by not only appearance but also something else. The chief reason of focusing on appearance is lack of confidence. Beyonce and Jennifer Lopez, the top sellers on the charts, are not fair-skinned or skinny, but they are still attractive. Therefore, check buying bleaching cosmetics from shopping centers. Get out of the chairs and have some fun outdoors such as throwing and catching a ball. Eating some chicken on Christmas will not kill you. Every girl should eat and play like a child.
Essay 11. Is it smart to buy a house in Taipei city, especially at a high price? As a common middle-class citizen, it is like a dream which never comes true. Most people spend their whole life savings on an old apartment with stairs to climb and moldy walls which needs a coat of paint. Some people even have to clear the debt, and end up asking help from God in the church. However, every cloud has a silver lining; there’s another option. Renting a nice and clean apartment close to the downtown won’t cost more than buying one. Instead of paying off the debt, it’s so much better to take a trip. Life is a race against the clock, taking a vacation by the coast with a cup of coffee or a glass of whiskey coke is better than working as a slave in order to buy a house and it adds more colors to life.
Essay 12. There was an extraordinary cook who worked so hard and tried to bake the best cookie in the world. He was planning to go to Paris to study the best cookery course in France. However, his parents wanted him to stay in the country to be a cowboy, taking care of cows and corn they planted. He couldn’t go to Paris without his parent’s permission, because the tuition fee of the school cost a large amount of money that he couldn’t afford. Anyway he still continued making cookies. He tried different materials and various shapes in order to make his cookies unique. In a cool afternoon of September, after having a cup of coffee alone, he decided to leave the town. Even though this would make his mother cry, he was sure that what he did was correct. After being an apprentice for years in Paris, he had made thousands of cookies that were too many to count. He had become famous for his special way of cutting, and became the cover star of a magazine.
Essay 13. Lady Gaga, the eldest daughter of her Italian American daddy, is the most controversial artist since 2008. Young people have a deep affection for her creative performance. Gaga and her dancers dress in an amazing style and dance on the stage day after day. You can even see cute panda eyes on her face or a deer horn on her head. Gaga’s taste of fashion never dates; she has her own creative production team which creates many of her stage properties and hairdos. She had initially signed with Def Jam Recordings in December 2005. Three months later, she decided to join producer RedOne. At the beginning of her career, she was once in danger of being addicted to drugs, and had no idea how to deal with it. She said her dear turned a blind eye to her for several months. That was the darkest period of her life. Her creativity and vitality was dead then. However, Lady Gaga proved herself in her own way.
Essay 14. Lil Wayne is considered the best rapper alive. His talent was discovered in his early childhood. Wayne wrote his first rap song while he was washing dishes after dinner at eight years old. In 1997, Lil Wayne joined the entertainment industry and earned more than 1 million dollars a year. His first wife was his high-school sweetheart living next door, like a tame dove. And his first child, Reginae, who loves dolls, was born when he was 15. Because of Wayne’s success, many teenagers hope for shortcuts and do not want to do desk jobs like everybody else. To direct children to the right way, Lil Wayne was mentioned in a public speech by the US President, stating, “Different from Lil Wayne, it’s difficult to have a meteoric rise to fame. You can aspire to be a scientist, engineer or doctor, not just a rapper. Doing bad things is digging your own grave. You might die on the dirty streets like a dog one day.” Although there is criticism, the influence of him is out of doubt.